Sequitur------------------------------------------------------------[1.907687s]

Rules:             1678
Size:              8060

1:1 In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.

1:2 And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon
the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the
waters.

1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.

1:4 And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light
from the darkness.

1:5 And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night.
And the evening and the morning were the first day.

1:6 And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters,
and let it divide the waters from the waters.

1:7 And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were
under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament:
and it was so.

1:8 And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the
morning were the second day.

1:9 And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together
unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.

1:10 And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of
the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.

1:11 And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding
seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is
in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.

1:12 And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after
his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after
his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:13 And the evening and the morning were the third day.

1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven
to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for
seasons, and for days, and years: 1:15 And let them be for lights in
the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was
so.

1:16 And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day,
and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.

1:17 And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light
upon the earth, 1:18 And to rule over the day and over the night, and
to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.

1:19 And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.

1:20 And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving
creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the
open firmament of heaven.

1:21 And God created great whales, and every living creature that
moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind,
and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:22 And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill
the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.

1:23 And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.

1:24 And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after
his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his
kind: and it was so.

1:25 And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle
after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after
his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:26 And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness:
and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl
of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over
every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

1:27 So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created
he him; male and female created he them.

1:28 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and
multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion
over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every
living thing that moveth upon the earth.

1:29 And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed,
which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which
is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.

1:30 And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air,
and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is
life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so.

1:31 And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was
very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.

2:1 Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of
them.

2:2 And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and
he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.

2:3 And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that
in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.

2:4 These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when
they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the
heavens, 2:5 And every plant of the field before it was in the earth,
and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not
caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the
ground.

2:6 But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole
face of the ground.

2:7 And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and
breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living
soul.

2:8 And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he
put the man whom he had formed.

2:9 And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is
pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the
midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

2:10 And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence
it was parted, and became into four heads.

2:11 The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the
whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; 2:12 And the gold of that
land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone.

2:13 And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that
compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.

2:14 And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which
goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates.

2:15 And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of
Eden to dress it and to keep it.

2:16 And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the
garden thou mayest freely eat: 2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge
of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou
eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.

2:18 And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be
alone; I will make him an help meet for him.

2:19 And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the
field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see
what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living
creature, that was the name thereof.

2:20 And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air,
and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an
help meet for him.

2:21 And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he
slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead
thereof; 2:22 And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made
he a woman, and brought her unto the man.

2:23 And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my
flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.

2:24 Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall
cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.

2:25 And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not
ashamed.

3:1 Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which
the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said,
Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?  3:2 And the woman said
unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:
3:3 But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden,
God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest
ye die.

3:4 And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die: 3:5
For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall
be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.

3:6 And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that
it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one
wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto
her husband with her; and he did eat.

3:7 And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they
were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves
aprons.

3:8 And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in
the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the
presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.

3:9 And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art
thou?  3:10 And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was
afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.

3:11 And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten
of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?
3:12 And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she
gave me of the tree, and I did eat.

3:13 And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast
done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.

3:14 And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done
this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the
field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the
days of thy life: 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the
woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head,
and thou shalt bruise his heel.

3:16 Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and
thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy
desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.

3:17 And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice
of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee,
saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake;
in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; 3:18 Thorns
also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the
herb of the field; 3:19 In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread,
till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for
dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.

3:20 And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother
of all living.

3:21 Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of
skins, and clothed them.

3:22 And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to
know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also
of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: 3:23 Therefore the
LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground
from whence he was taken.

3:24 So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden
of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep
the way of the tree of life.

4:1 And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and
said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.

4:2 And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of
sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.

4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the
fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

4:4 And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of
the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his
offering: 4:5 But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect.
And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.

4:6 And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy
countenance fallen?  4:7 If thou doest well, shalt thou not be
accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto
thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.

4:8 And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when
they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother,
and slew him.

4:9 And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he
said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?  4:10 And he said, What
hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from
the ground.

4:11 And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her
mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand; 4:12 When thou
tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her
strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth.

4:13 And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can
bear.

4:14 Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the
earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and
a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one
that findeth me shall slay me.

4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain,
vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark
upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.

4:16 And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the
land of Nod, on the east of Eden.

4:17 And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he
builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his
son, Enoch.

4:18 And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and
Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.

4:19 And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah,
and the name of the other Zillah.

4:20 And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents,
and of such as have cattle.

4:21 And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such
as handle the harp and organ.

4:22 And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every
artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.

4:23 And Lamech said unto his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice;
ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: for I have slain a man to
my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.

4:24 If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and
sevenfold.

4:25 And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his
name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead
of Abel, whom Cain slew.

4:26 And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his
name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD.

5:1 This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God
created man, in the likeness of God made he him; 5:2 Male and female
created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the
day when they were created.

5:3 And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his
own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth: 5:4 And
the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years:
and he begat sons and daughters: 5:5 And all the days that Adam lived
were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died.

5:6 And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos: 5:7 And
Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and
begat sons and daughters: 5:8 And all the days of Seth were nine
hundred and twelve years: and he died.

5:9 And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan: 5:10 And Enos lived
after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons
and daughters: 5:11 And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and
five years: and he died.

5:12 And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel: 5:13 And
Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years,
and begat sons and daughters: 5:14 And all the days of Cainan were
nine hundred and ten years: and he died.

5:15 And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: 5:16
And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty
years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:17 And all the days of
Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died.

5:18 And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat
Enoch: 5:19 And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years,
and begat sons and daughters: 5:20 And all the days of Jared were nine
hundred sixty and two years: and he died.

5:21 And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: 5:22
And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred
years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:23 And all the days of Enoch
were three hundred sixty and five years: 5:24 And Enoch walked with
God: and he was not; for God took him.

5:25 And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat
Lamech.

5:26 And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty
and two years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:27 And all the days of
Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.

5:28 And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a
son: 5:29 And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort
us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground
which the LORD hath cursed.

5:30 And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five
years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:31 And all the days of Lamech
were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died.

5:32 And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham,
and Japheth.

6:1 And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the
earth, and daughters were born unto them, 6:2 That the sons of God saw
the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of
all which they chose.

6:3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for
that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty
years.

6:4 There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that,
when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare
children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of
renown.

6:5 And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and
that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil
continually.

6:6 And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth, and it
grieved him at his heart.

6:7 And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the
face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and
the fowls of the air; for it repenteth me that I have made them.

6:8 But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.

6:9 These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect
in his generations, and Noah walked with God.

6:10 And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.

6:11 The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled
with violence.

6:12 And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for
all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.

6:13 And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me;
for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I
will destroy them with the earth.

6:14 Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the
ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.

6:15 And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of: The length
of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty
cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.

6:16 A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou
finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side
thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it.

6:17 And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the
earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under
heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.

6:18 But with thee will I establish my covenant; and thou shalt come
into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives
with thee.

6:19 And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt
thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be
male and female.

6:20 Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of
every creeping thing of the earth after his kind, two of every sort
shall come unto thee, to keep them alive.

6:21 And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten, and thou shalt
gather it to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them.

6:22 Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did
he.

7:1 And the LORD said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the
ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.

7:2 Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male
and his female: and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and
his female.

7:3 Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to
keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.

7:4 For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth
forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have
made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.

7:5 And Noah did according unto all that the LORD commanded him.

7:6 And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was
upon the earth.

7:7 And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives
with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.

7:8 Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls,
and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth, 7:9 There went in two
and two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had
commanded Noah.

7:10 And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the
flood were upon the earth.

7:11 In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month,
the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains
of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.

7:12 And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights.

7:13 In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth,
the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons
with them, into the ark; 7:14 They, and every beast after his kind,
and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that
creepeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind,
every bird of every sort.

7:15 And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all
flesh, wherein is the breath of life.

7:16 And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as
God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.

7:17 And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters
increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth.

7:18 And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the
earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters.

7:19 And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the
high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered.

7:20 Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains
were covered.

7:21 And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and
of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth
upon the earth, and every man: 7:22 All in whose nostrils was the
breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.

7:23 And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face
of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the
fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah
only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark.

7:24 And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty
days.

8:1 And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the
cattle that was with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over
the earth, and the waters asswaged; 8:2 The fountains also of the deep
and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was
restrained; 8:3 And the waters returned from off the earth
continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the
waters were abated.

8:4 And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of
the month, upon the mountains of Ararat.

8:5 And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the
tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the
mountains seen.

8:6 And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the
window of the ark which he had made: 8:7 And he sent forth a raven,
which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off
the earth.

8:8 Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were
abated from off the face of the ground; 8:9 But the dove found no rest
for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for
the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his
hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark.

8:10 And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the
dove out of the ark; 8:11 And the dove came in to him in the evening;
and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that
the waters were abated from off the earth.

8:12 And he stayed yet other seven 

Sequitur-Stats-----------------------------------------------------------------

Total Length:      25600
Avg Word Length:   4.060212
Entropy:           7037
1-grams:
    number: 65.0
    min: 1
    max: 4496
    median: 74.0
    mean: 393.84615384615387
    stddev: 730.2691438676615
2-grams:
    number: 621.0
    min: 1
    max: 934
    median: 10.0
    mean: 41.22222222222222
    stddev: 97.30523164355844
3-grams:
    number: 2563.0
    min: 1
    max: 696
    median: 3.0
    mean: 9.987514631291456
    stddev: 29.793748021585603

Lossifier::Similarity--------------------------------------------[3938.935389s]

Rules:             1360
Size:              7405

1:1 In the beginning God create the heavean the earth.

1: And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon
the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the
water.

1:3 And God id, Let therebelight and therewas light.

1: And God w thelight, that it was good and God divide thelight
from the darknes.

1:5 And God called the light Day and the darkness he called Night.
And the evening and the morning were the first day.

1:6 And God id, Let therebe a firmament in the midst of the water
andlet it divide the waterfrom the water.

1:7 And God made the firmamen and divide the waterhich were
under the firmamen from the water which wereabove the firmamen:
andit was .

1:8 And God called the firmamenHeaven. And the evening and the
morning were the seconday.

1:9 And God id, Let therebeunder the heavebe gathered together
unto one place and let the dry land appear and it was .

1:0 And God called the dry land Earth and the gathering together ofthe watercalled he Seasand God saw that it was good.

1: And God id, Let the earthring forth grass, the herb yielding
seed and the fruittree yielding fruitafterhis kindwhose seed is
in itself, upon the earth and it was .

1: And the earthrought forth grass, and herb yielding seedafter
his kindand the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, afterhis kindand God saw that it was good.

1:3 And the evening and the morning were the thirday.

1:1 And God id, Let therebe lights in the firmamenof the heave
to divide th day fromthe night and let them be for signs, and for
seasons, and for days, and years: 1:1 And let them be for lights in
the firmament of the heave to givelightupon the earth: and it was
.

1:6 And God made two great lights; the greaterlightto rule th day
andthe lesserlightto rule the night: he made the stars al.

1:7 And God set them in the firmamenof the heave to givelight
upon the earth1:1 And to rule over the day and over the night, and
to divide the light fromthe darkness: and God saw that it was good.

1:9 And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.

1:0 And God id, Let therebebring forth abundantly the moving
creature that hath lif and fowlthat may flyabovethe earthin the
open firmament of heave.

1: And God created great whales and every livingcreature that
moveth, which the water brought forth abundantly, afterhis kind
andevery winged fowlafterhis kind: and God saw that it was good.

1: And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful and multiply and fillthe waterin the seas and let fowl multiply in the earth.

1:3 And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.

1: And God id, Let the earthring forth the livingcreature afterhis kind, cattl and creeping thing and beastthe earthafterhis
kind and it was .

1:2 And God made the beastthe earthafterhis kind and cattl
afterhis kind and every thingcreepethupon the earthafter
his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:6 And God id, Let us make man in our image, afterour likeness:
andlet them have dominion over the fish ofthe ea and over the fowl
of the air and over the cattl and over allthe earth and over
everycreeping thingcreepethupon the earth.

1:7 So God createdman in his own image, in the image of God created
he him; male and female created he them.

1: And God blessed them and God saidunto them, Be fruitful and
multiply and replenishthe earth and subdue it and have dominion
over the fish ofthe ea and over the fowl of the air and overevery
livingthingthat movethupon the earth.

1:9 And God id, Behold, I have given youeveryherb bearing seed,
which is upon the face of allthe earth and everytree, in the which
i the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall befor meat.

1:30 And to everybeastthe earth and to everyfowl of the air
andto everythingthat creepethupon the earth, wherein theres
life, I have given everygreenherb for meat and it was .

1:3 And God w everythingthat he had made, and, behold, it was
very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.

1:1 Thus the heave and the earth were finished and all the host of
them.

1: And onthe eventh day God ended his workwhichhe had made; and
he rested onthe eventh day from all his workwhichhe had made.

1:3 And God blessed the eventh day and sanctified it: because that
in it he had rested from all his workwhichGod createdand made.

1:4 These are the generationof the heave and the earth when
they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the
heaves, 2: And everyplant of the fid before it was the earth
andeveryherb of the fid before it grew: for the LORD God had not
caused it to rain upon the earthand therewas not a man to tillthe
ground.

1:6 But therewent up a mist from the earth and watered the whole
face of the ground.

1:7 the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground and
breathed into his nostril the breat of life and man became a living
soul.

1:8 the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden and therehe
put the man whom he had formed.

1: And out of the groundmadethe LORD God to growevery tree that is
pleasant to the sight and good for food; the tree of life alsoin the
midst of the garde and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

1: And a river went out of Eden to water the garde and from thence
it was arte and became into four head.

1:1 The name of the first is Pison: that is itwhichcompasseththe
whole land of Havilah, where theres gold; 2:1 And the gold of that
land is good: theres bdellium and the onyx ston.

1:3 And the name of the seconriver is Gihon: the same is it that
compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.

1: And the name of the thirriver is Hiddekel: that is itwhich
goeth toward theeat of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrate.

1:5 And the LORD God tookthe man and put him into the garde of
Eden to dress it and to keep it.

1:6 the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the
garde thoumayest freely eat: 2:17 st of the tree of the knowledge
of good and evil, thou shall noteat of it: for in the day that thou
eatest thereof thou shall surely di.

1:8 the LORD God said, It is not good thatthe man should be
alone;  will make him an help meet for him.

1: And out of the groundthe LORD God formed every beastof the
fiel and everyfowl of the air and rought themunto Adam to see
what he would call them and whatsoever Adam called every living
creature, that was the name thereof.

1: And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air
andto every beastof the field; but for Adam there was not found an
help meet for him.

1:1 the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he
slept and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead
thereof; 2:2 And the rib, whichthe LORD God had taken fromman, made
he a woman, and rought herunto the man.

1:3 And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my
flesh: she shall becalled Woman, because she was taken out of Man.

1:4 Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother and shall
cleave unto his wife and they shall be oneflesh.

1: And they were both naked, the man and his wife and were not
ashamed.

1:1 Now the serpent was more subtil than any beastof the fieldwhich
the LORD God had made. And he saidunto the woman, Yea, hath God said,
Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garde?  3: And the woman said
unto the erpent, We mayeat of the fruit of the treeof the garde:
3:3 st of the fruit of the treewhichis in the midst of the garde,
God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest
ye di.

1: And the erpent saidunto the woman, Ye shall not surely die: 3:5
For God doth kno thatin the day ye eat thereof, then your eyesshall
be opened, and ye shall beas gods, knowing good and evil.

1: And whenthe woman sa thatthe tree was good for food and that
it was leasant to the eyes and a tree to be desired to make one
wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat and gave also unto
her husband with her and he did eat.

1: And the eyes of them both were opened, and they kne that they
were naked and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves
aprons.

1: And they heard the voice of the LORD God walkingin the garde in
the cool of the day and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the
presence of the LORD God amongstthe treeof the garde.

1: And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art
thou?  3:1 And he said, I heard thy voice in the garde and I was
afraid, because I was naked and I hid myself.

1: And he said, Who told thethat thouwast naked? Hast thou eatenof the tree, whereof I commanded thethat thoushouldest not eat?
3:1 And the man said, The womanwhom thou gavest to be with me, she
gave meof the tree and did eat.

1:3 the LORD God said untothe woman, What is this that thouhast
done And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and did eat.

1: And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Bcause thouhast done
this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beastof the
field; upon thy bellyshalt thou go and dust shalt thou eat all the
days of thy life: 3:1 And  will put enmity between the and the
woman and between thy seed and her seed; itshall bruise thy head
andthou shall bruise his heel.

1:6 Unto the womanhe said,  will greatly multiply thy sorrow and
thy conception; in sorrow thou shall bring forth children and thy
desire shall beto thy husband and he shallrule over the.

1: And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened nto the voice
of thy wife and hast eatenof the tree, of whichI commanded thee,
saying, Thou shall not eat of it: cursed in the groundfor thy sake;
in sorrowshalt thou eat of it all th days of thy life; 3:18 Thorns
also and thistlesshall it bring forth to thee; and thou shall eat the
herb of the fid; 3:19 In the sweat of thy faceshalt thou eat bread,
till thoureturn nto the ground; for out of it wast thoutaken: for
dust thou art and unto dust shalt thou retur.

1: And Adam called his wife's name Eve; bcause she was the mother
of all living.

1:1 Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of
skins, and clothed them.

1: And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to
know good and evil and now, lest he put forth his hand and take alsoof the tree of life and eat and live for ever: 3:23 Therefore the
LORD God sent him forth from thegarde of Eden, to till the ground
from whence he was taken.

1:4 So he drove out the man and he placed at theeat of the garde
of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword whichturned every way, to keep
the wayof the tree of life.

1: And Adam knew Eve his wife and he conceive and bare Cain and
said, I have gotten a man fromthe LORD.

1:2 And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of
sheep, but Cain was a tiller of theground.

1: And in process of time it came to pass that Cain brought of the
fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

1: And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his floc and of
the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his
offering: 4:5 But unto Cain and to his offeringhe had not respect.
And Cain was very wroth and his countenance fell.

1: And the LORD said unto Cain, Why ar thouwroth and why is thy
countenance fallen?  4:7 If thoudoest well, shalt thou not be
accepted and if thoudoest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto
thee shall behis desire and thou shall rule over him.

1: And Cain talked with Abel his brother and it came to pass when
they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother
andslew him.

1: And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother And he
said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?  4:0 Andhe said, What
hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from
theground.

1: And now ar thoucursed from theearth, which hath opened her
mouth to receive thy brother's blood from the hand; 4:12 When thou
tillest the ground, it shallnot henceforthyield unto thee her
strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be the earth.

1: And Cain said unto the LORD My punishment is greater than I can
bear.

1:4 Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from theface of the earth and from the faceshall I be hid; and I shall bea fugitive and
a vagabond the earth and it shallcome to pass that every one
that findeth e shall slay me.

1: And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain,
vengeanceshall betaken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark
upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.

1: And Cain went out from thepresence of the LORD and dwelt in the
land of Nod, in the east of Eden.

1: And Cain knew his wife and he conceive and bare Enoch and he
builded a city and called the nameof the city, afterthe name of his
son, Enoch.

1: And unto Enoch was born Irad and IradbegatMehujael: and
MehujaelbegatMethusel: and MethuselbegatLamech.

1: And Lamech took unto him two wives: the nameof the one was Adah
andthe nameof the other Zillah.

1:0 And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tent
andof such as have cattl.

1: And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such
as handle the harp and organ.

1: And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructerof every
artificer in brass and iron and the ester of Tubalcain was Naamah.

1: And Lamech said unto his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice;
ye wives of Lamech, hearkenunto my speech: for I have slain a man to
my wounding, and a young man to my hur.

4:24 If Cainshall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and
sevenfold.

1: And Adam knew his wife again and he bare a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seedinstead
of Abel, whom Cain slew.

1: And to Seth, to him also there was born a son and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upin the name of the LORD.

1:1 This is the bookof the generationof Adam. In th daythat God
created man, in the lkeness of God made he him; 5:2 Mal and female
created he them and blessed them, and calld their name Adam, in the
day when the were created.

1: And Adam lived anhundredand thirty year, andbegata son in is
own lkeness, and afterhis image and called his name Seth: 5:4 And
the days of Adamafterhe had begotten Seth wereighthundredyears:
and he son and daughters: 5: And all th days that Adam lived
were nine hundredand thirty years: and he died.

1: And Seth lived anhundredand five year, andbegatEnos: 5:7 And
Seth lived afterhe begatEnos eighthundredand seven year, and
son and daughters: 5: And all th days of Seth were nine
hundredand twelve years: and he died.

1: And Enos lived ninety year, andbegatCainan: 5:0 And Enos lived
after he begatCainanighthundredand fifteen year, andbegatsons
and daughters: 5: And all th days of Enos were nine hundred
five years: and he died.

1:12 And Cainan lived seventy year and begatMahalaleel: 5:13 And
Cainan lived afterhe begatMahalaleelighthundredand forty year
andson and daughters: 5:14 Andall th days of Cainan were
nine hundred ten years: and he died.

1: And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five year, andbegatJared: 5:16
andMahalaleel lived afterhe begatJaredighthundredand thirty
year, andbegatson and daughters: 5: And all th days Mahalaleel wereighthundredninety and five years: and he died.

1: And Jared lived anhundredsixty and two year, and he begat
Enoch: 5:1 And Jared lived afterhe begatEnochighthundredyear
andbegatson and daughters: 5:0 Andall th days of Jared were nine
hundredsixty and twos: and he died.

1: And Enoch lived sixty and five year, andbegatMethuselah: 5:22
andEnoch walked with God afterhe begatMethuselah three hundred
year, andbegatson and daughters: 5:23 And all th days Enoch
were three hundred sixty and five years: 5:24 And Enoch walked with
God and he was not; for God took him.

1: And Methuselah lived anhundredeighty and seven year, andbegat
Lamech.

1: And Methuselah lived afterhe begatLamech sevenhundredeighty
and two year, andbegatson and daughters: 5: And all th days Methuselah were ninehundredsixty and nines: and he died.

1: And Lamech lived anhundredeighty and two year, andbegat a
son: 5:2 And he called his name Noah, saying, This sae shall comfort
us concerning our wor and toil of our hands, because of the ground
whichthe LORD hath cursed.

1:30 And Lamech lived afterhe begatNoah fivehundredninety and five
year, andbegatson and daughters: 5:3 And all th days  Lamech
were sevenhundredseventy and sevens: and he died.

1:3 And Noah was fivehundredyears old and NoahbegatShem, Ham,
andJapheth.

1: And it came to pass when men began to multiply on the face of the earth and daughters were born unto them, 6:2 That the sons of God saw
he daughters of men that the were fair and they took them wives of
allwhichthey chose.

1: And the LORD said, My spirit shallnot always strivewith man, for
that he also is flesh: yet his days shall beanhundredand twenty
year.

1:4 There were giants inthe earth in those days, and alsoafterthat,
when the sons of God came inunto the daughters of men and they bare
children to them, the same became mighty men whichwere of old, men of
renown.

1: And God sawthat the wickedness of man was greatin the earth, and
that every imaginationof the thoughts of his heart was only evil
continually.

1: And it repentd the LORD thathe had made man on the earth, and it
grieved him at his hear.

6: And the LORD said, I willdestroy manwhom I have created fromthe
face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and
he fowls of the air; for it repenteth methat I have made them.

1:8 But Noah found gracein the eyesof the LORD.

1:9 These are the generationof Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect
in his generation, and Noah walkedwith God.

1:0 And Noahbegatthereson, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.

1:11 The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled
with violence.

1: And God looked upon the earthand, behold, it was corrupt; for
allflesh had corrupted his way upin the earth.

1: And God said untoNoah, The end of all flesh is come before me;
for the earth is filledwith violence through them; and, behold, 
willdestroy themwith the earth.

1:4 Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the
ark, and shall pitch it within and without with pitch.

1: And this in the fashionwhichthou shall make it of: The length
of the ark shall be therehundredcubits, the breadth of it fifty
cubits, and the height of it thirtycubit.

1:16 A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shall thou
finish it above and the doorof the ark shal thouset in the side
thereof; with lower, secon, and third stories shall thou make it.

1:7 And, behold, , even I, do bring a flood of water upon the
earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein in the breat of life, from under
heave and every thing that is the earth shall di.

1:8 But with thee will I establish my covenant; and thou shall come
to the ark, thou, and thy son, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives
with the.

1: And of every living thing of all flesh, twoof every sort shalt
thou bring into the ark, to keep them alivewith thee; the shallbe
mal and female.

1:0 Of fowls aftertheir kind, and of cattlaftertheir kind, of
everycreeping thingof the earthafterhis kind twoof every sort
shallcome unto thee, to keep them alive.

1: And take thou unto thee of all foodthat is eaten, and thou shalt
gather it to thee; and it shallbe for food for thee, and for them.

1:2 Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did
he.

1: And the LORD said untoNoah, Come thou and all thy house into the
ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.

1:2 Of every clean beast thoushalt take to thee by sevens, the male
and his femal and of beasts that are not clean by two the male and
his femal.

1:3 Of fowls alsoof the air by sevens, the male and the femal; to
keep seedalive upon theface of all the earth.

1:4 For yet seven day, and I will cause it to rainupon the earth
forty day and fortynights, and everyliving substancethat I have
made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.

1: And Noah did accordingunto all that the LORD commanded him.

1:6 And Noah was sixhundredyears old when the flood of water was
upon the earth.

1:7 And Noahwent in and his sons and his wife and his sons' wives
with himto the ark, becauseof the waterof the flood.

1:8 Of clean beast, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowl
andof everythingthat creepethupon the earth, 7:9 Therewent in two
andtwounto Noah into the ark the male and the femal, as God had
comanded Noah.

1: And it came to pass afterseven days, that the waterof the
flood wereupon the earth.

1:1 In the ex hundredth year of Noah's life, in the secon month,
the seventeenth day of the month the same day were all the fountains
of the great deep broken up, and thy windows of heave were opened.

1: And the rain was upon the earth forty day and fortynights.

1:3 In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth,
the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and thy therewives of his sons
with themto the ark; 7:14 They, and every beastafterhis kind
andall the cattlaftertheir kind, and everycreeping thing that
creepethupon the earthafterhis kind and everyfowl afterhis kind
everybird of every sor.

7:1 And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all
flesh, wherein in the breat of life.

1:6 And the that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as
God had comanded him and the LORD shut him i.

1:7 And the flood was fortydays upon the earth and the water
increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift upabovethe earth.

1: And the waterprevailed, and were increased greatly upon the
earth and the ark went upon theface of the water.

1: And the waterprevailed exceedingly upon the earth and all the
high hills, that were under the whole heave, were covered.

1:0 Fifteencubits upward didthe waterprevail and the fountains
were covered.

1: And all flesh diedthat moved upon the earth both of fowl, and
of cattl, and of beast, andof every creeping thingthat creepeth
upon the earth, and every man: 7:22 All in whose nostrils was the
breat of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.

1: And everyliving substance was destroyed whichwas upon the face
of the ground both man, and cattl, and thy creeping thing, andthe
fowl of the heave and they were destroyed from theearth and Noah
only remained alive, and theythat were with him ithe ark.

1:4 Andthe waterprevailed upon the earth an hundredand fifty
days.

1: And God rememberedNoah, and everyliving thing, and all the
cattlthat was with him ithe ark and God made a wind to pass over
he earth, andthe waterasswaged; 8:2 The fountains alsoof the deep
andthe windows of heave were stopped, and thy rain from heave was
restrained; 8: And the waterretured from off the earth
continually and afterthe endof the hundredand fifty days the
waters were abated.

1:4 Andthe ark rested in the seventh month, on theseventeenth day of
the month, upon the fountains of Arara.

8: And the waterdecreased continually until the tenth month: in the
tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the
fountains seen.

1:6 And it came to pass at the end of fortydays, that Noah openedthe
windowof the arkwhichhe had made: 8:7 And he sent fortha raven,
whichwent forthto and fro, until the waterwere dried up fromoff
he earth.

1:8 Also he sent fortha dove from him, to see ifthe waterwere
abatedfrom off the face of the ground; 8:9 But the dove found no rest
for the sole of her foot, and she retured unto him ito the ark, for
he waterwere on theface of the whole earth: then he put forth is
hand, and took her, and pulled her inunto him ito the ark.

1:1 And he stayed yet otherseven days, and again he sent forththe
dove out of the ark; 8: And the dove came in to him in the evening;
and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that
the waterere abatedfrom off the earth.

1: And he stayed yet otherseven 

Lossifier::Similarity-Stats----------------------------------------------------

Total Length:      24348
Distance:          0.055469
Avg Word Length:   4.371903
Entropy:           7176
1-grams:
    number: 65.0
    min: 1
    max: 3996
    median: 44.0
    mean: 374.5846153846154
    stddev: 682.6863880133382
2-grams:
    number: 671.0
    min: 1
    max: 929
    median: 8.0
    mean: 36.28464977645306
    stddev: 89.22468358472302
3-grams:
    number: 2796.0
    min: 1
    max: 620
    median: 2.0
    mean: 8.707439198855507
    stddev: 26.87038169564253

Lossifier::Cluster------------------------------------------------[224.901134s]

Rules:             1344
Size:              7374

1:1 In the beginning God create the heavean the earth.

1: And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon
the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the
water.

1:3 And God id, Let therebelight and therewas light.

1: And God w thelight, that it was good and God divide thelight
 fromthe darknes.

1:5 And God called the light Day and the darkness he called Night.
And the evening and the morning were the first day.

1:6 And God id, Let therebe a firmament in the midst of the water
andlet it divide the water fromthe water.

1:7 And God made the firmamen and divide the waterhich were
under the firmamen  fromthe water which wereabove the firmamen:
andit was .

1:8 And God called the firmamenHeaven. And the evening and the
morning were the seconday.

1:9 And God id, Let therebeunder the heavebe gathered together
unto one place and let the dry land appear and it was .

1:0 And God called the dry land Earth and the gathering together ofthe watercalled he Seasand God saw that it was good.

1: And God id, Let the earthring forth grass, the herb yielding
seed and the fruittree yielding fruitafterhis kindwhose seed is
in itself, upon the earth and it was .

1: And the earthrought forth grass, and herb yielding seedafter
his kindand the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, afterhis kindand God saw that it was good.

1:3 And the evening and the morning were the thirday.

1:1 And God id, Let therebe lights in the firmamenof the heave
to divide th day fromthe night and let them be for sign, andfor
season, andfor day, andyears: 1:1 And let them be for lights in
the firmament of the heave to givelightupon the earth: and it was
.

1:6 And God made two great lights; the greaterlightto rule th day
andthe lesserlightto rule the night: he made the stars al.

1:7 And God set them in the firmamenof the heave to givelight
upon the earth1:1 And to rule over the day and over the night, and
to divide the light fromthe darkness: and God saw that it was good.

1:9 And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.

1:0 And God id, Let therebebring forth abundantly the moving
creature that hath lif, andfowlthat may flyabovethe earthin the
open firmament of heave.

1: And God created great whales and every livingcreature that
moveth, which the water brought forth abundantly, afterhis kind
andevery winged fowlafterhis kind: and God saw that it was good.

1: And God blesse the m, saying, Be fruitful and multiply and fillthe waterin the seas and let fowl multiply in the earth.

1:3 And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.

1: And God id, Let the earthring forth the livingcreature afterhis kind, cattl, andcreeping thing and beastthe earthafterhis
kind and it was .

1:2 And God made the beastthe earthafterhis kind and cattl
afterhis kind and every thingcreepethupon the earthafter
his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:6 And God id, Let us make man in our image, afterour likeness:
andlet them have dominion over the fish ofthe ea and over the fowl
of the air and over the cattl and over allthe earth and over
everycreeping thingcreepethupon the earth.

1:7 So God createdman in his own image, in the image of God created
he him; male and female created he them.

1: And God blessed them and God saidunto them, Be fruitful and
multiply and replenishthe earth and subdue it and have dominion
over the fish ofthe ea and over the fowl of the air and overevery
livingthingthat movethupon the earth.

1:9 And God id, Behold, I have given youeveryherb bearing seed,
which is upon the face of allthe earth and everytree, in the which
i the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall befor meat.

1:30 And to everybeastthe earth and to everyfowl of the air
andto everythingthat creepethupon the earth, wherein theres
life, I have given everygreenherb for meat and it was .

1:3 And God w everythingthat he had made, and, behold, it was
very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.

1:1 Thus the heave and the earth were finished and all the host of
them.

1: And onthe eventh day God ended his workwhichhe had made; and
he rested onthe eventh day  fromall his workwhichhe had made.

1:3 And God blessed the eventh day and sanctified it: because that
in it he had rested  fromall his workwhichGod createdand made.

1:4 These are the generationof the heave and the earth when
they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the
heaves, 2: And everyplant of the fid before it was the earth
andeveryherb of the fid before it grew: for the LORD God had not
caused it to rain upon the earthand therewas not a man to tillthe
ground.

1:6 But therewent up a mist from the earth and watered the whole
face of the ground.

1:7 the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground and
breathed into his nostril the breat of life and man became a living
soul.

1:8 the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden and therehe
put the man whom he had formed.

1: And out of the groundmadethe LORD God to growevery tree that is
pleasant to the sight and good for food; the tree of life alsoin the
midst of the garde and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

1: And a river went out of Eden to water the garde and  fromthence
it was arte, andbecame into four head.

1:1 The name of the first is Pison: that is itwhichcompasseththe
whole land of Havilah, where theres gold; 2:1 And the gold of that
land is good: theres bdellium and the onyx ston.

1:3 And the name of the seconriver is Gihon: the same is it that
compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.

1: And the name of the thirriver is Hiddekel: that is itwhich
goeth towar the eat of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrate.

1:5 And the LORD God tookthe man and put him into the garde of
Eden to dress it and to keep it.

1:6 the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the
garde thoumayest freely eat: 2:17 st of the tree of the knowledge
of good and evil, thou shall noteat of it: for in the day that thou
eatest thereof thou shall surely di.

1:8 the LORD God said, It is not good thatthe man should be
alone;  will make him an help meet for him.

1: And out of the groundthe LORD God formed every beastof the
fiel, andeveryfowl of the air and rought themunto Adam to see
what he would call them and whatsoever Adam called every living
creature, that was the name thereof.

1: And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air
andto every beastof the field; but for Adam there was not found an
help meet for him.

1:1 the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he
slept and he took one of his rib, andclosed up the flesh instead
thereof; 2:2 And the rib, whichthe LORD God had taken fromman, made
he a woman, and rought herunto the man.

1:3 And Adam said, This is now bone of my bone, andflesh of my
flesh: she shall becalled Woman, because she was taken out of Man.

1:4 Thereforshall a man leave his father and his mother and shall
cleave unto his wife and they shall be oneflesh.

1: And they were both naked, the man and his wife and were not
ashamed.

1:1 Now the serpent was more subtil than any beastof the fieldwhich
the LORD God had made. And he saidunto the woman, Yea, hath God said,
Yshall not eat of every tree of the garde?  3: And the woman said
unto the erpent, We mayeat of the fruit of the treeof the garde:
3:3 st of the fruit of the treewhichis in the midst of the garde,
God hath said, Yshall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest
ye di.

1: And the erpent saidunto the woman, Yshall not surely die: 3:5
For God doth kno thatin the day ye eat thereof, then your eyesshall
be opened, and ye shall beas gods, knowing good and evil.

1: And whenthe woman sa thatthe tree was good for food and that
it was leasant to the eyes and a tree to be desired to make one
wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat and gave alsounto 
her husband with her and he did eat.

1: And the eyes of them both were opened, and they kne that they
were naked and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves
aprons.

1: And they hear the  voice of the LORD God walkingin the garde in
the cool of the day and Adam and his wife hid themselves  fromthe
presence of the LORD God amongstthe treeof the garde.

1: And the LORD God called unto Adam, and saidunto  him, Where art
thou?  3:1 And he said, I heard thy voice in the garde and I was
afraid, because I was naked and I hid myself.

1: And he said, Who told thethat thouwast naked? Hast thou eatenof the tree, whereof I commanded thethat thoushouldest not eat?
3:1 And the man said, The womanwhom  thougavest to be with me, she
gave meof the tree and did eat.

1:3 the LORD God saidunto the woman, What is this that thouhast
done And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and did eat.

1: And the LORD God saidunto  the serpent, Bcause thouhast done
this,  thouart cursed above all cattle, and above every beastof the
field; upon thy bellyshalt  thougo and dust shalt  thoueat all the
days of thy life: 3:1 And  will put enmity between the and the
woman and between thy seed and her seed; itshall bruise thy head
andthou shall bruise his heel.

1:6 Unto the womanhe said,  will greatly multiply thy sorrow and
thy conception; in sorrow thou shall bring forth children and thy
desire shall beto thy husband and he shallrule over the.

1: And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened nto the voice
of thy wife and hast eatenof the tree, of whichI commanded thee,
saying, Thou shall not eat of it: cursed in the groundfor thy sake;
in sorrowshalt  thoueat of it all th days of thy life; 3:18 Thorns
also and thistlesshall it bring forth to thee; and thou shall eat the
herb of the fid; 3:19 In the eweat of thy faceshalt  thoueat bread,
till thoureturn nto the ground; for out of it wast thoutaken: for
dust  thouart and unto dust shalt  thouretur.

1: And Adam called his wife's name Eve; bcause she was the mother
of all living.

1:1 Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of
skin, andclothe the m.

1: And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to
know good and evil and now, lest he put forth his hand and take alsoof the tree of life and eat and live for ever: 3:23 Therefore the
LORD God sent him forth  fromthegarde of Eden, to till the ground
 fromwhence he was taken.

1:4 So he drove out the man and he placed at theeat of the garde
of Eden Cherubim, anda flaming sword whichturned every way, to keep
the wayof the tree of life.

1: And Adam knew Eve his wife and he conceive, andbare Cain and
said, I have gotten a man fromthe LORD.

1:2 And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of
sheep, but Cain was a tiller of theground.

1: And in process of time it came to pass that Cain brought of the
fruit of the ground an offeringunto  the LORD.

1: And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his floc and of
the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his
offering: 4:5 But unto Cain and to his offeringhe had not respect.
And Cain was very wroth and his countenance fell.

1: And the LORD saidunto  Cain, Why ar thouwroth and why is thy
countenance fallen?  4:7 If thoudoest well, shalt  thounot be
accepted and if thoudoest not well, sin lieth at the door. Andunto 
thee shall behis desire and thou shall rule over him.

1: And Cain talked with Abel his brother and it came to pass when
they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother
andslew him.

1: And the LORD saidunto  Cain, Where is Abel thy brother And he
said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?  4:0 Andhe said, What
hast  thoudone? the voice of thy brother's blood criethunto  me from
theground.

1: And now ar thoucursed  fromtheearth, which hath opened her
mouth to receive thy brother's blood  fromthe hand; 4:12 When thou
tillest the ground, Yshall not henceforthyield unto thee her
strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt  thoube the earth.

1: And Cain saidunto  the LORD My punishment is greater than I can
bear.

1:4 Behold,  thouhast driven me out this day  fromtheface of the earth and  fromthe faceshall I be hid; and I shall bea fugitive and
a vagabond the earth and it shallcome to pass that every one
that findeth shall slay me.

1: And the LORD saidunto  him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain,
vengeanceshall betaken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark
upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.

1: And Cain went out  fromthepresence of the LORD and dwelt in the
land of Nod, in the east of Eden.

1: And Cain knew his wife and he conceive, andbare Enoch and he
builded a city and called the nameof the city, afterthe name of his
son, Enoch.

1: And unto Enoch was born Irad and IradbegatMehujael: and
MehujaelbegatMethusel: and MethuselbegatLamech.

1: And Lamech tookunto  him two wives: the nameof the one was Adah
andthe nameof the other Zillah.

1:0 And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tent
andof such as have cattl.

1: And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such
as handle the harp and organ.

1: And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructerof every
artificer in brass and iron and the ester of Tubalcain was Naamah.

1: And Lamech saidunto  his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice;
ye wives of Lamech, hearkenunto my speech: for I have slain a man to
my wounding, and a young man to my hur.

4:24 If Cainshall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and
sevenfold.

1: And Adam knew his wife again and he bare a son, and called his name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seedinstead
of Abel, whom Cain slew.

1: And to Seth, to him also there was born a son and he called his name Enos: then began men to call upon thename of the LORD.

1:1 This is the bookof the generationof Adam. In th daythat God
created man, in the lkeness of God made he him; 5:2 Mal and female
created he them and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the
day whenthey were created.

1: And Adam lived anhundredand thirty year, andbegata son in is
own lkeness, anafterhis image and called his name Seth: 5:4 And
the days of Adamafterhe had begotten Seth wereighthundredyears:
and he son and daughters: 5: And all th days that Adam lived
were nine hundredand thirty years: and he died.

1: And Seth lived anhundredand five year, andbegatEnos: 5:7 And
Seth liveafterhe begatEnos eighthundredand seven year, and
son and daughters: 5: And all th days Seth were nine
hundredand twels: and he died.

1: And Enos lived ninety year, andbegatCainan: 5:0 And Enos lived
after he begatCainanighthundredand fifteen year, andbegatsons
and daughters: 5: And all th days Enos were nine hundred
fis: and he died.

1:12 And Cainan lived seventy year and begatMahalaleel: 5:13 And
Cainan lived afterhe begatMahalaleelighthundredand forty year
andson and daughters: 5:14 And all th days of Cainan were
nine hundred ten years: and he died.

1: And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five year, andbegatJared: 5:16
andMahalaleel lived afterhe begatJaredighthundredand thirty
year, andbegatson and daughters: 5: And  all th days of Mahalaleel wereighthundredninety and five years: and he died.

1: And Jared lived anhundredsixty and two year, and he begat
Enoch: 5:1 And Jared lived afterhe begatEnochighthundredyear
andbegatson and daughters: 5:0 And all th days of Jared were nine
hundredsixty and twos: and he died.

1: And Enoch lived sixty and five year, andbegatMethuselah: 5:22
andEnoch walked with God afterhe begatMethuselah three hundred
year, andbegatson and daughters: 5:23 And all th days Enoch
were three hundred sixty and five years: 5:24 And Enoch walked with
God and he was not; for God took him.

1: And Methuselah lived anhundredeighty and seven year, andbegat
Lamech.

1: And Methuselah lived afterhe begatLamech sevenhundredeighty
and two year, andbegatson and daughters: 5: And  all th days of Methuselah were ninehundredsixty and nines: and he died.

1: And Lamech lived anhundredeighty and two year, andbegat a
son: 5:2 And he called his name Noah, saying, This sashall comfort
us concerning our wor and toil of our hands, because of the ground
whichthe LORD hath cursed.

1:30 And Lamech lived afterhe begatNoah fivehundredninety and five
year, andbegatson and daughters: 5:3 And all th days  Lamech
were sevenhundredseventy and sevens: and he died.

1:3 And Noah was fivehundredyears old and NoahbegatShem, Ham,
andJapheth.

1: And it came to pass when men began to multiply on the face of the earth and daughters were born unto them, 6:2 That the eons of God saw
he daughters of men thatthey were fair and he took them wives of
allwhichthey chose.

1: And the LORD said, My spirYshall not always strivewith man, for
that he also is flesh: yet his days shall beanhundredand twenty
year.

1:4 There were giants inthe earth in those day, andalsoafterthat,
when the sons of God came inunto the daughters of men and they bare
children to them, the same became mighty men whichwere of old, men of
renown.

1: And God sawthat the wickedness of man was greatin the earth, and
that every imaginationof the thoughts of his heart was only evil
continually.

1: And it repented the LORD thathe had made man on the earth, and it
grieved him at his hear.

6: And the LORD said, I willdestroy manwhom I have created fromthe
face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and
he fowls of the air; for it repenteth methat I have made them.

1:8 But Noah found gracein the eyesof the LORD.

1:9 These are the generationof Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect
in his generation, and Noah walkedwith God.

1:0 And Noahbegatthereson, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.

1:11 The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled
with violence.

1: And God looked upon the earthand, behold, it was corrupt; for
allflesh had corrupted his way upon theearth.

1: And God saidunto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me;
for the earth is filledwith violence through them; and, behold, 
willdestroy themwith the earth.

1:4 Make therean ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt  thoumake in the
ark, and shall pitch it within and without with pitch.

1: And this in the fashionwhichthou shall make it of: The length
of the ark shall be therehundredcubits, the breadth of it fifty
cubits, and the height of it thirtycubit.

1:16 A window shalt  thoumake to the ark, and in a cubitshalt  thou
finish it above and the doorof the ark shal thouset in the side
thereof; with lower, secon, and third storiesshalt  thou make it.

1:7 And, behold, , even I, do bring a flood of water upon the
earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein in the breat of life,  fromunder
heave and every thing that is the earth shall di.

1:8 But with therewill I establish my covenant; and thou shall come
to the ark, thou, and thy son, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives
with the.

1: And of every living thing of all flesh, twoof every sort shalt
thou bring into the ark, to keep them alivewith thee;they shallbe
mal and female.

1:0 Of fowls aftertheir kind, and of cattlaftertheir kind, of
everycreeping thingof the earthafterhis kind twoof every sort
shallcome unto thee, to keep them alive.

1: And take  thouunto thee of all foodthat is eaten, and thou shalt
gather it to thee; and it shallbe for food for thee, and for them.

1:2 Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did
he.

1: And the LORD saidunto Noah, Come  thouand all thy house into the
ark; for therehave I seen righteous before me in this generation.

1:2 Of every clean beast thoushalt take to thee by sevens, the male
and his femal and of beasts that are not clean by two the male and
his femal.

1:3 Of fowls alsoof the air by sevens, the male and the femal; to
keep seedalive upon theface of all the earth.

1:4 For yet seven day, and I will cause it to rainupon the earth
forty day and fortynight, andeveryliving substancethat I have
made will I destroy  fromoff the face of the earth.

1: And Noah did accordingunto all that the LORD commanded him.

1:6 And Noah was sixhundredyears old when the flood of water was
upon the earth.

1:7 And Noahwent in and his sons and his wife and his sons' wives
with himto the ark, becauseof the waterof the flood.

1:8 Of clean beast, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowl
andof everythingthat creepethupon the earth, 7:9 Therewent in two
andtwounto Noah into the ark the male and the femal, as God had
comanded Noah.

1: And it came to pass afterseven days, that the waterof the
flood wereupon the earth.

1:1 In the ex hundredth year of Noah's life, in the secon month,
the eeventeenth day of the month the same day were all the fountains
of the great deep broken up, and thy windows of heave were opened.

1: And the rain was upon the earth forty day and fortynights.

1:3 In the eelfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth,
the eons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and thy therewives of his sons
with themto the ark; 7:14 They, and every beastafterhis kind
andall the cattlaftertheir kind, and everycreeping thing that
creepethupon the earthafterhis kind and everyfowl afterhis kind
everybird of every sor.

7:1 And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all
flesh, wherein in the breat of life.

1:6 Andthey that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as
God had comanded him and the LORD shut him i.

1:7 And the flood was fortydays upon the earth and the water
increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift upabovethe earth.

1: And the waterprevailed, and were increased greatly upon the
earth and the ark went upon theface of the water.

1: And the waterprevailed exceedingly upon the earth and all the
high hills, that were under the whole heave, were covered.

1:0 Fifteencubits upward didthe waterprevail and the fountains
were covered.

1: And all flesh diedthat moved upon the earth both of fowl, and
of cattl, and of beast, andof every creeping thingthat creepeth
upon the earth, and every man: 7:22 All in whose nostrils was the
breat of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.

1: And everyliving substance was destroyed whichwas  upon theface
of the ground both man, and cattl, and thy creeping thing, andthe
fowl of the heave and he were destroyed  fromtheearth and Noah
only remained alive, and theythat were with him ithe ark.

1:4 Andthe waterprevailed  upon theearth an hundredand fifty
days.

1: And God rememberedNoah, and everyliving thing, and all the
cattlthat was with him ithe ark and God made a wind to pass over
he earth, andthe waterasswaged; 8:2 The fountains alsoof the deep
andthe windows of heave were stopped, and thy rain  fromheave was
restrained; 8: And the waterretured  fromoff the earth
continually and afterthe endof the hundredand fifty days the
waters were abated.

1:4 Andthe ark rested in the seventh month, on theseventeenth day of
the month,  upon thefountains of Arara.

8: And the waterdecreased continually until the tenth month: in the
tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the
fountains seen.

1:6 And it came to pass at the end of fortydays, that Noah openedthe
windowof the arkwhichhe had made: 8:7 And he sent fortha raven,
whichwent forthto and fro, until the waterwere dried up fromoff
he earth.

1:8 Also he sent fortha dove  fromhim, to see ifthe waterwere
abated fromoff the face of the ground; 8:9 But the dove found no rest
for the eole of her foot, and she retured unto to the ark, for
he waterwere on theface of the whole earth: then he put forth is
hand, and took her, and pulled her inunto to the ark.

1:1 And he stayed yet otherseven day, andagain he sent forththe
dove out of the ark; 8: And the dove came in to him in the evening;
and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that
the waterere abated fromoff the earth.

1: And he stayed yet otherseven 

Lossifier::Cluster-Stats-------------------------------------------------------

Total Length:      24286
Distance:          0.062773
Avg Word Length:   4.449363
Entropy:           7215
1-grams:
    number: 65.0
    min: 1
    max: 3967
    median: 44.0
    mean: 373.6307692307692
    stddev: 679.7202720855279
2-grams:
    number: 675.0
    min: 1
    max: 927
    median: 8.0
    mean: 35.977777777777774
    stddev: 88.07827046664235
3-grams:
    number: 2832.0
    min: 1
    max: 603
    median: 2.0
    mean: 8.574858757062147
    stddev: 26.358486676881242

