Sequitur------------------------------------------------------------[1.896358s]

Rules:             1678
Size:              8060

1:1 In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.

1:2 And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon
the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the
waters.

1:3 And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.

1:4 And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light
from the darkness.

1:5 And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night.
And the evening and the morning were the first day.

1:6 And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters,
and let it divide the waters from the waters.

1:7 And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were
under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament:
and it was so.

1:8 And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the
morning were the second day.

1:9 And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together
unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.

1:10 And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of
the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.

1:11 And God said, Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding
seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is
in itself, upon the earth: and it was so.

1:12 And the earth brought forth grass, and herb yielding seed after
his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself, after
his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:13 And the evening and the morning were the third day.

1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven
to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for
seasons, and for days, and years: 1:15 And let them be for lights in
the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth: and it was
so.

1:16 And God made two great lights; the greater light to rule the day,
and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stars also.

1:17 And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light
upon the earth, 1:18 And to rule over the day and over the night, and
to divide the light from the darkness: and God saw that it was good.

1:19 And the evening and the morning were the fourth day.

1:20 And God said, Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving
creature that hath life, and fowl that may fly above the earth in the
open firmament of heaven.

1:21 And God created great whales, and every living creature that
moveth, which the waters brought forth abundantly, after their kind,
and every winged fowl after his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:22 And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, and fill
the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in the earth.

1:23 And the evening and the morning were the fifth day.

1:24 And God said, Let the earth bring forth the living creature after
his kind, cattle, and creeping thing, and beast of the earth after his
kind: and it was so.

1:25 And God made the beast of the earth after his kind, and cattle
after their kind, and every thing that creepeth upon the earth after
his kind: and God saw that it was good.

1:26 And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness:
and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl
of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over
every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.

1:27 So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created
he him; male and female created he them.

1:28 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and
multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion
over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every
living thing that moveth upon the earth.

1:29 And God said, Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed,
which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree, in the which
is the fruit of a tree yielding seed; to you it shall be for meat.

1:30 And to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air,
and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is
life, I have given every green herb for meat: and it was so.

1:31 And God saw every thing that he had made, and, behold, it was
very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day.

2:1 Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of
them.

2:2 And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made; and
he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made.

2:3 And God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it: because that
in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made.

2:4 These are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when
they were created, in the day that the LORD God made the earth and the
heavens, 2:5 And every plant of the field before it was in the earth,
and every herb of the field before it grew: for the LORD God had not
caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was not a man to till the
ground.

2:6 But there went up a mist from the earth, and watered the whole
face of the ground.

2:7 And the LORD God formed man of the dust of the ground, and
breathed into his nostrils the breath of life; and man became a living
soul.

2:8 And the LORD God planted a garden eastward in Eden; and there he
put the man whom he had formed.

2:9 And out of the ground made the LORD God to grow every tree that is
pleasant to the sight, and good for food; the tree of life also in the
midst of the garden, and the tree of knowledge of good and evil.

2:10 And a river went out of Eden to water the garden; and from thence
it was parted, and became into four heads.

2:11 The name of the first is Pison: that is it which compasseth the
whole land of Havilah, where there is gold; 2:12 And the gold of that
land is good: there is bdellium and the onyx stone.

2:13 And the name of the second river is Gihon: the same is it that
compasseth the whole land of Ethiopia.

2:14 And the name of the third river is Hiddekel: that is it which
goeth toward the east of Assyria. And the fourth river is Euphrates.

2:15 And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of
Eden to dress it and to keep it.

2:16 And the LORD God commanded the man, saying, Of every tree of the
garden thou mayest freely eat: 2:17 But of the tree of the knowledge
of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it: for in the day that thou
eatest thereof thou shalt surely die.

2:18 And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be
alone; I will make him an help meet for him.

2:19 And out of the ground the LORD God formed every beast of the
field, and every fowl of the air; and brought them unto Adam to see
what he would call them: and whatsoever Adam called every living
creature, that was the name thereof.

2:20 And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air,
and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an
help meet for him.

2:21 And the LORD God caused a deep sleep to fall upon Adam, and he
slept: and he took one of his ribs, and closed up the flesh instead
thereof; 2:22 And the rib, which the LORD God had taken from man, made
he a woman, and brought her unto the man.

2:23 And Adam said, This is now bone of my bones, and flesh of my
flesh: she shall be called Woman, because she was taken out of Man.

2:24 Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall
cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.

2:25 And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not
ashamed.

3:1 Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which
the LORD God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said,
Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?  3:2 And the woman said
unto the serpent, We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden:
3:3 But of the fruit of the tree which is in the midst of the garden,
God hath said, Ye shall not eat of it, neither shall ye touch it, lest
ye die.

3:4 And the serpent said unto the woman, Ye shall not surely die: 3:5
For God doth know that in the day ye eat thereof, then your eyes shall
be opened, and ye shall be as gods, knowing good and evil.

3:6 And when the woman saw that the tree was good for food, and that
it was pleasant to the eyes, and a tree to be desired to make one
wise, she took of the fruit thereof, and did eat, and gave also unto
her husband with her; and he did eat.

3:7 And the eyes of them both were opened, and they knew that they
were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together, and made themselves
aprons.

3:8 And they heard the voice of the LORD God walking in the garden in
the cool of the day: and Adam and his wife hid themselves from the
presence of the LORD God amongst the trees of the garden.

3:9 And the LORD God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art
thou?  3:10 And he said, I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was
afraid, because I was naked; and I hid myself.

3:11 And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten
of the tree, whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat?
3:12 And the man said, The woman whom thou gavest to be with me, she
gave me of the tree, and I did eat.

3:13 And the LORD God said unto the woman, What is this that thou hast
done? And the woman said, The serpent beguiled me, and I did eat.

3:14 And the LORD God said unto the serpent, Because thou hast done
this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the
field; upon thy belly shalt thou go, and dust shalt thou eat all the
days of thy life: 3:15 And I will put enmity between thee and the
woman, and between thy seed and her seed; it shall bruise thy head,
and thou shalt bruise his heel.

3:16 Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and
thy conception; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children; and thy
desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.

3:17 And unto Adam he said, Because thou hast hearkened unto the voice
of thy wife, and hast eaten of the tree, of which I commanded thee,
saying, Thou shalt not eat of it: cursed is the ground for thy sake;
in sorrow shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy life; 3:18 Thorns
also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the
herb of the field; 3:19 In the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat bread,
till thou return unto the ground; for out of it wast thou taken: for
dust thou art, and unto dust shalt thou return.

3:20 And Adam called his wife's name Eve; because she was the mother
of all living.

3:21 Unto Adam also and to his wife did the LORD God make coats of
skins, and clothed them.

3:22 And the LORD God said, Behold, the man is become as one of us, to
know good and evil: and now, lest he put forth his hand, and take also
of the tree of life, and eat, and live for ever: 3:23 Therefore the
LORD God sent him forth from the garden of Eden, to till the ground
from whence he was taken.

3:24 So he drove out the man; and he placed at the east of the garden
of Eden Cherubims, and a flaming sword which turned every way, to keep
the way of the tree of life.

4:1 And Adam knew Eve his wife; and she conceived, and bare Cain, and
said, I have gotten a man from the LORD.

4:2 And she again bare his brother Abel. And Abel was a keeper of
sheep, but Cain was a tiller of the ground.

4:3 And in process of time it came to pass, that Cain brought of the
fruit of the ground an offering unto the LORD.

4:4 And Abel, he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of
the fat thereof. And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his
offering: 4:5 But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect.
And Cain was very wroth, and his countenance fell.

4:6 And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy
countenance fallen?  4:7 If thou doest well, shalt thou not be
accepted? and if thou doest not well, sin lieth at the door. And unto
thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him.

4:8 And Cain talked with Abel his brother: and it came to pass, when
they were in the field, that Cain rose up against Abel his brother,
and slew him.

4:9 And the LORD said unto Cain, Where is Abel thy brother? And he
said, I know not: Am I my brother's keeper?  4:10 And he said, What
hast thou done? the voice of thy brother's blood crieth unto me from
the ground.

4:11 And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her
mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand; 4:12 When thou
tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her
strength; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth.

4:13 And Cain said unto the LORD, My punishment is greater than I can
bear.

4:14 Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the
earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and
a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one
that findeth me shall slay me.

4:15 And the LORD said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain,
vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the LORD set a mark
upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.

4:16 And Cain went out from the presence of the LORD, and dwelt in the
land of Nod, on the east of Eden.

4:17 And Cain knew his wife; and she conceived, and bare Enoch: and he
builded a city, and called the name of the city, after the name of his
son, Enoch.

4:18 And unto Enoch was born Irad: and Irad begat Mehujael: and
Mehujael begat Methusael: and Methusael begat Lamech.

4:19 And Lamech took unto him two wives: the name of the one was Adah,
and the name of the other Zillah.

4:20 And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents,
and of such as have cattle.

4:21 And his brother's name was Jubal: he was the father of all such
as handle the harp and organ.

4:22 And Zillah, she also bare Tubalcain, an instructer of every
artificer in brass and iron: and the sister of Tubalcain was Naamah.

4:23 And Lamech said unto his wives, Adah and Zillah, Hear my voice;
ye wives of Lamech, hearken unto my speech: for I have slain a man to
my wounding, and a young man to my hurt.

4:24 If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold, truly Lamech seventy and
sevenfold.

4:25 And Adam knew his wife again; and she bare a son, and called his
name Seth: For God, said she, hath appointed me another seed instead
of Abel, whom Cain slew.

4:26 And to Seth, to him also there was born a son; and he called his
name Enos: then began men to call upon the name of the LORD.

5:1 This is the book of the generations of Adam. In the day that God
created man, in the likeness of God made he him; 5:2 Male and female
created he them; and blessed them, and called their name Adam, in the
day when they were created.

5:3 And Adam lived an hundred and thirty years, and begat a son in his
own likeness, and after his image; and called his name Seth: 5:4 And
the days of Adam after he had begotten Seth were eight hundred years:
and he begat sons and daughters: 5:5 And all the days that Adam lived
were nine hundred and thirty years: and he died.

5:6 And Seth lived an hundred and five years, and begat Enos: 5:7 And
Seth lived after he begat Enos eight hundred and seven years, and
begat sons and daughters: 5:8 And all the days of Seth were nine
hundred and twelve years: and he died.

5:9 And Enos lived ninety years, and begat Cainan: 5:10 And Enos lived
after he begat Cainan eight hundred and fifteen years, and begat sons
and daughters: 5:11 And all the days of Enos were nine hundred and
five years: and he died.

5:12 And Cainan lived seventy years and begat Mahalaleel: 5:13 And
Cainan lived after he begat Mahalaleel eight hundred and forty years,
and begat sons and daughters: 5:14 And all the days of Cainan were
nine hundred and ten years: and he died.

5:15 And Mahalaleel lived sixty and five years, and begat Jared: 5:16
And Mahalaleel lived after he begat Jared eight hundred and thirty
years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:17 And all the days of
Mahalaleel were eight hundred ninety and five years: and he died.

5:18 And Jared lived an hundred sixty and two years, and he begat
Enoch: 5:19 And Jared lived after he begat Enoch eight hundred years,
and begat sons and daughters: 5:20 And all the days of Jared were nine
hundred sixty and two years: and he died.

5:21 And Enoch lived sixty and five years, and begat Methuselah: 5:22
And Enoch walked with God after he begat Methuselah three hundred
years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:23 And all the days of Enoch
were three hundred sixty and five years: 5:24 And Enoch walked with
God: and he was not; for God took him.

5:25 And Methuselah lived an hundred eighty and seven years, and begat
Lamech.

5:26 And Methuselah lived after he begat Lamech seven hundred eighty
and two years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:27 And all the days of
Methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years: and he died.

5:28 And Lamech lived an hundred eighty and two years, and begat a
son: 5:29 And he called his name Noah, saying, This same shall comfort
us concerning our work and toil of our hands, because of the ground
which the LORD hath cursed.

5:30 And Lamech lived after he begat Noah five hundred ninety and five
years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:31 And all the days of Lamech
were seven hundred seventy and seven years: and he died.

5:32 And Noah was five hundred years old: and Noah begat Shem, Ham,
and Japheth.

6:1 And it came to pass, when men began to multiply on the face of the
earth, and daughters were born unto them, 6:2 That the sons of God saw
the daughters of men that they were fair; and they took them wives of
all which they chose.

6:3 And the LORD said, My spirit shall not always strive with man, for
that he also is flesh: yet his days shall be an hundred and twenty
years.

6:4 There were giants in the earth in those days; and also after that,
when the sons of God came in unto the daughters of men, and they bare
children to them, the same became mighty men which were of old, men of
renown.

6:5 And God saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and
that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil
continually.

6:6 And it repented the LORD that he had made man on the earth, and it
grieved him at his heart.

6:7 And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I have created from the
face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and
the fowls of the air; for it repenteth me that I have made them.

6:8 But Noah found grace in the eyes of the LORD.

6:9 These are the generations of Noah: Noah was a just man and perfect
in his generations, and Noah walked with God.

6:10 And Noah begat three sons, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.

6:11 The earth also was corrupt before God, and the earth was filled
with violence.

6:12 And God looked upon the earth, and, behold, it was corrupt; for
all flesh had corrupted his way upon the earth.

6:13 And God said unto Noah, The end of all flesh is come before me;
for the earth is filled with violence through them; and, behold, I
will destroy them with the earth.

6:14 Make thee an ark of gopher wood; rooms shalt thou make in the
ark, and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch.

6:15 And this is the fashion which thou shalt make it of: The length
of the ark shall be three hundred cubits, the breadth of it fifty
cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.

6:16 A window shalt thou make to the ark, and in a cubit shalt thou
finish it above; and the door of the ark shalt thou set in the side
thereof; with lower, second, and third stories shalt thou make it.

6:17 And, behold, I, even I, do bring a flood of waters upon the
earth, to destroy all flesh, wherein is the breath of life, from under
heaven; and every thing that is in the earth shall die.

6:18 But with thee will I establish my covenant; and thou shalt come
into the ark, thou, and thy sons, and thy wife, and thy sons' wives
with thee.

6:19 And of every living thing of all flesh, two of every sort shalt
thou bring into the ark, to keep them alive with thee; they shall be
male and female.

6:20 Of fowls after their kind, and of cattle after their kind, of
every creeping thing of the earth after his kind, two of every sort
shall come unto thee, to keep them alive.

6:21 And take thou unto thee of all food that is eaten, and thou shalt
gather it to thee; and it shall be for food for thee, and for them.

6:22 Thus did Noah; according to all that God commanded him, so did
he.

7:1 And the LORD said unto Noah, Come thou and all thy house into the
ark; for thee have I seen righteous before me in this generation.

7:2 Of every clean beast thou shalt take to thee by sevens, the male
and his female: and of beasts that are not clean by two, the male and
his female.

7:3 Of fowls also of the air by sevens, the male and the female; to
keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth.

7:4 For yet seven days, and I will cause it to rain upon the earth
forty days and forty nights; and every living substance that I have
made will I destroy from off the face of the earth.

7:5 And Noah did according unto all that the LORD commanded him.

7:6 And Noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was
upon the earth.

7:7 And Noah went in, and his sons, and his wife, and his sons' wives
with him, into the ark, because of the waters of the flood.

7:8 Of clean beasts, and of beasts that are not clean, and of fowls,
and of every thing that creepeth upon the earth, 7:9 There went in two
and two unto Noah into the ark, the male and the female, as God had
commanded Noah.

7:10 And it came to pass after seven days, that the waters of the
flood were upon the earth.

7:11 In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the second month,
the seventeenth day of the month, the same day were all the fountains
of the great deep broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened.

7:12 And the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights.

7:13 In the selfsame day entered Noah, and Shem, and Ham, and Japheth,
the sons of Noah, and Noah's wife, and the three wives of his sons
with them, into the ark; 7:14 They, and every beast after his kind,
and all the cattle after their kind, and every creeping thing that
creepeth upon the earth after his kind, and every fowl after his kind,
every bird of every sort.

7:15 And they went in unto Noah into the ark, two and two of all
flesh, wherein is the breath of life.

7:16 And they that went in, went in male and female of all flesh, as
God had commanded him: and the LORD shut him in.

7:17 And the flood was forty days upon the earth; and the waters
increased, and bare up the ark, and it was lift up above the earth.

7:18 And the waters prevailed, and were increased greatly upon the
earth; and the ark went upon the face of the waters.

7:19 And the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and all the
high hills, that were under the whole heaven, were covered.

7:20 Fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail; and the mountains
were covered.

7:21 And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and
of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth
upon the earth, and every man: 7:22 All in whose nostrils was the
breath of life, of all that was in the dry land, died.

7:23 And every living substance was destroyed which was upon the face
of the ground, both man, and cattle, and the creeping things, and the
fowl of the heaven; and they were destroyed from the earth: and Noah
only remained alive, and they that were with him in the ark.

7:24 And the waters prevailed upon the earth an hundred and fifty
days.

8:1 And God remembered Noah, and every living thing, and all the
cattle that was with him in the ark: and God made a wind to pass over
the earth, and the waters asswaged; 8:2 The fountains also of the deep
and the windows of heaven were stopped, and the rain from heaven was
restrained; 8:3 And the waters returned from off the earth
continually: and after the end of the hundred and fifty days the
waters were abated.

8:4 And the ark rested in the seventh month, on the seventeenth day of
the month, upon the mountains of Ararat.

8:5 And the waters decreased continually until the tenth month: in the
tenth month, on the first day of the month, were the tops of the
mountains seen.

8:6 And it came to pass at the end of forty days, that Noah opened the
window of the ark which he had made: 8:7 And he sent forth a raven,
which went forth to and fro, until the waters were dried up from off
the earth.

8:8 Also he sent forth a dove from him, to see if the waters were
abated from off the face of the ground; 8:9 But the dove found no rest
for the sole of her foot, and she returned unto him into the ark, for
the waters were on the face of the whole earth: then he put forth his
hand, and took her, and pulled her in unto him into the ark.

8:10 And he stayed yet other seven days; and again he sent forth the
dove out of the ark; 8:11 And the dove came in to him in the evening;
and, lo, in her mouth was an olive leaf pluckt off: so Noah knew that
the waters were abated from off the earth.

8:12 And he stayed yet other seven 

Sequitur-Stats-----------------------------------------------------------------

Total Length:      25600
Avg Word Length:   4.060212
Entropy:           7037
1-grams:
    number: 65.0
    min: 1
    max: 4496
    median: 74.0
    mean: 393.84615384615387
    stddev: 730.2691438676615
2-grams:
    number: 621.0
    min: 1
    max: 934
    median: 10.0
    mean: 41.22222222222222
    stddev: 97.30523164355844
3-grams:
    number: 2563.0
    min: 1
    max: 696
    median: 3.0
    mean: 9.987514631291456
    stddev: 29.793748021585603

Lossifier::Similarity--------------------------------------------[12989.26127s]

Rules:             584
Size:              5823

1:1 n e beininGod eatee enane arth

n arths ithout frm,n void;n darkness aupon
e ofe deep.n Spirt ofGod moved upone ofth
eate

3n cale e htn e was ht

n w ht, e was goodn God dividht fromdarknes

5n cale e ht Dayn darkness e cale Nht
n enfrinwee e frt 

6n cale e  afrmart e midt ofth
eaten t t dividth
eateth
eate

7n frmarn dividth
eatehich ave
underfrmar th
eate which ave avefrmar:n was 

8n cale e frmarHaen.enth
frinwee secon

9n cale e undere enbegathred togee 
e one plcen t e dry ln aparwas 

0n cale e dry ln Earthn e gathintogee  fth
eatecale e Sarn e was good

1 n God id, Lt artharthgras, e ding
seedn e frt dingfrt e s inwhseseed i
in tel, uponarthwas 

n arthrouhtarthgras, n dingseede s inn e dingfrit, whseseedwas in tel, irinn e was good3enfrinwee thir

1id, Lt e behts e frt ofe divide  frome htn : e e frsignn 
seasonn ayn ars 1:n : e e frhts in
e frmamenofe  t vehtuponarth: n it w

6n  tworeathts;e greatet ule e n e esset ule e ht: e mae stars al

7n set e e frt ofe  to veht
uponarth1:n t ule vee ayn vee ht, andivide ht fromdarkness God e was good9n enanfrinweree frthay

0n cale e binarth aundantlye moin
crarure e gath f, anfowl thaay fly avearth in th
open firmamenofen

1 n God aredreatwhales, anvery lcrarure th
month, whshe eate brouhtarth aundantly, irin
anvery wined fwle s in: God th twas 

n God essed thm,saying, e fritful, anmultiplyfillth
eatee seas, ant fowlmultiply in arth

3n enanfrinweree  fthay

id, Lt artharthe lcrarure irin, cattl, andeepthin, an east of
in, anit w

2n God ared east ofs in, ancattl
irinn very thinguponarthe s in: God th twas 

6id, Lt s mae mae ur imae e ur ienes:
an: e mae dominon vee fish fe a, anvee fowl
ofe , anvee cattl ave allarth ave
vee deepthinuponarth

7 o God aredmae his ow imae e imageofGod ared
e his mae anfemae reate e e 

n God essee , anGod ent e , e fritful, anmultiplyreplensharth, anubdue it, anmae dominon
vee fish fe a avee ofe  avevery
linthin thamonthuponarth

9n id, fold, anvee ouverye b arinseed
whsh iupone e ofalarth, anvee ree whsh
e frt a tredingseed; t out s al be frmar

30n togee  east of, antogee ofe togee thin thauponarth, whveine 
fe, anvee vee grene b frmar, anit w

31 n God w vee thin thahad mage, an, befoldit wverygood.n enanfrinweree sithay

1 Ths e ens inarth ave finshed, anale host f
e 

n one thay God enred his workwhshhad mage, an
e eateone thay frmarhis workwhshhad mage

3n essee thay, ansanctifie t because tha
 it had eatefrmarhis workwhshGod aredanmage

1 Thesare e generatinofe s inofe  we 
there reate  thae LORDGod aredarthn th
en, 2:n vee plant ofe d befre itwas arth
anvee e b ofe d befre itgrew: frLORDGod no
cale it to rainuponarthane was  amae t fillth
ould

6 out e set up amist frome arth, aneatee , wh
e ofould

7 LORDGod fre mae ofe dust fould, anreathes inhis nostile reatoffe, anmae becaa i
soul

8 LORDGod plante agarden arars in en, ane he
out e mae whm had fred

n out ofe ouldmageLORDGod t growvery treth i
plarant t e siht, angoodfr fod; e reoffe aso in th
midst fgarde, ane reofnowledgeofgoodhand eil

n a rver went out  to eatee garde, anarthnc
it warte, anbecaent fr e d

1 The ofe  in Piso:  in whshomassethth
whm onofHailah, where e good; 2:n goodofth
ant good: e bdellium e onyx ston

3n e ofe seconrver in Giho: e sae t it tha
omassethe whm onofEthopia

n e e ofe thrver in Hiddekel:  in whshgoth toward th east ofAssyria.n frthrver in Euphrate

5n LORDGod tooke , anout hi i to garde
 to resst ent deep t

6 LORDGod omred e an, s inOfvee reofth
garde to ayset frelyreat: 2:7 out reofe nowledge
ofgoodhand eil, thin thanoreoft fre  tha to 
arset e ofthin thasurelydi

8 LORDGod s inIt t nogood thae should b
alon; s inmae hi ahelpmet frhi

n out ofe ouldLORDGod fredvee ast ofthfill, anvee ofe , anrouhte ent dam t se
what e woulcall tre, anwhatsove dam cale ve i
reatur, thwas e re trereof

dam mae mes t alcattlent e ofe t ve barofe fill bt frdam e was nofoun, an
helpmet frhi

1 LORDGod cale a deepslel to falupondam,anhe
slep: e tookonofhis ri, anclored upe esinstar
threof; 2:2n ri, whshLORDGod had taen froman, mage
e a an, anrouhte ent e 

3n dam s inTht t now bonofmy bon, anesofmy
es: e s al be cale Woman, becauseshe was taen out Man

1 The frs al aan lmae his e n e , ans al
clmae ent his fe, ane s albeon fes

n e  ave bthakid, e n fe, anvee no
ashamed

1 Nowserpent was fre ubtil thn an barofe fillwhshLORDGod mage.n e saent e an, YeagathGod id
Ys al nove treofe ? 3:n woansaid
e en, e ayreofe frt e reofe :
3:3 out frt e rewhsht e midst fgarde
God gaths inYs al noit, neite s ale touch t, es
e di

n ensaident woan, Ys al nosurelydi3:5
For God dthnod the aye ar trereofe our ess al
beopen, ane s al be s god, owingoodhand eil

n whenwoan ad the rewas fr fod, anth
it wlarant t e es, ana re to bedesired t mae in
wisee tookofe frit trereofandid , anmae alsounto
e  husbanwithe n was 

n e esofe  bthvee open, ane ned th trey
e arth, ane sewed fig leaves togee , anmage treelve
apron

n e e d thvoicLORDGod walinge gardein
thcool ofe ay, andam anhis wife hid treelves arth
resencLORDGod amongste reofe 

n LORDGod cale untodam,anent him,We ar
th? 3:1n had I e d thvoice e garde, anseas
fraid, causeseas arth, anI hid myel

1 n had Who tld tre to wat aked? Ha to reaten
ofe re, whofI red th to shouldset noar?
3:1n ann woanwhm thouvet t bewithme, sh
vemeofe , anwas 

3 LORDGod ent woan, hat t e  to hast
onn woann serpenbeule me, anwas 

n LORDGod ent serpen, cause to haston
th, thout red abve al cattlanabvevee ast ofthfill; uponth blly thathougo, ans althouar al th
ays ofth f3:1n s inout enmity btaen tre, anth
woan, anbetaenthseedn e seed; its al bruiseth har
anthous albruisehis heel

6 U to woans ins inreatmultiplye sorrown thconcepin; insorrowthou thabdingarthchilren, anth
desie s alt th husban, ane s alrue veth

1 n untodam had Becausethou hast ene untovoic
ofth wfe, anhasteateofe , ofwhshI red the
s inou thanoaroft red : e ouldfrth ake;
n sorrow thathouarofitn s ofth fe;3:18 Thon
alsothstess alt bdingarthd the;n thous alarth
e b ofe ; 3:19 : e weatofth fce thathouar bread
fillthoureurn untooulde frout it w to taene fr
out thout, anuntos althoureur

dam cale his wifee re Eve bcauseshe was e e 
ofallin

1 U to dam alsohis wifedid LORDGod mae coat f
in, anclothd thm

n LORDGod s infolde  in beofe s onofus, to
ofgoodhand eil, anow, ese out arthhis hand, anmae also
ofe reoffe, anar, anvefren3:3 The fre th
LORDGod set hiartharthgarde Een, to till ould fromwhene e was taen

4 o e drveout e n plced arth east ofe garde
ofen Ce ubim, ana flaming sword whshurned ve w, to deep
th wofe offe

1 n dam new Ee his wifen concve, anere in, ans inmae gotten a an frome LORD

2n e rainere his doe  Abe And Abewas deeper f
heep, t inwas filler fthould

n inprocesoftimet me to an,  Cinrouhtofthfrt ould adingn LORD

n me, e alsorouhtofe lin fhis flcn of
th farthreof Ande LORDhad resenct untobet hi
ding: 4:5 out untoint hi fdinghad noresenc
n was ens roth, anhis counenane fell

n LORDGod  Cin, hythouwroth, anwhy in th
counenane falen? 3:7 Ifthoudoset well, s althounobe
cceped, anifthoudoset nowell, sin th ae  Andunto
the s alhis desire, anthous alrue vethay

n in talred withhis doe , anme to an, 
thveine fill,  Cin roseup aant his doe 
anslewthay

n LORDGod  Cin, hve in beere n he
s inI ofno: Am I my brothers deeper? 3: Ands inWha
hastthoudone? e voice ofth broe s blod crthuntome from
thould

1 n owthoured artharth, which gathopene e 
rotht ecveere s blod arth aan; 4:1 We thou
fillset ould, s al be e cearthyield untoe 
stenth; a fugitven a vgabond s althoubearth

n insaidn LORDy punshmet t graterthan acan
ar

4 foldthouhastdrven meout e ayarthth
eate, anarth fce she abehi; anI s ala fugitven a vgabond arth, ans alofe t an, thenin
th firdeth sheslayme

n LORDGod hi, The fre whsove slayth Cin
engeance shetaenonhis enfold Ande LORDset a markuponin, esan firdinghis ould kill hi

n in we out arthresence ofe LORDandwelt th
onofNod, e arofen

n in knew his wifen concve, anere noch, anhe
bulred a city, ancale e reofe city, e  meof i
an, noch

n untonochwas bon Irad, anIradset Mehujael: 
Mehujaset Mehujael:  Mehujaset Lmech

n Lmech to untohi two aves e reofe onwas ah
ane reofe oe  Zllah

 And Adah ere Jabal: e was e e ofsuch as dwell inen
ofsuch as mae cattl

1 n his doe e rewas Jubal: e was e e ofalsuch
s hande e harpn organ

n Zllahe also bere Tubalcain, aninstructeofe 
tificer inbrassn iron, ane ster f Tubalcainwas Naamah

n Lmechsaiduntohis ve, ahn Zllah, Har myvoice;
e veofLmech, en to my speeche fr amae slin aan t
my would, an aoungan to my hur

4:4 If Cin she aenged fold, rulyLmech sentyn fold

n dam new his wife aann ere a an, ancale  i
mee For God said shegathapoinred me anoe seedinstar
ofme, whm inslew

n t th, o hi asothe was bon a onn cale  i
menos e beanme, t callupe meofe LORD

1 Tht t e bookofe generatinofah. n e t t od
reatane lenesGod magee his 5:2 Mal, anvee 
reate e , anessee , ancalld thirmeah, th
aywhenenreat

n ah ave, anhandred anthtyar, anvee a onin i
own enes, ane his iage, ancale  i
mee 5:1 n 
thayofahe had beotten  avehandred s:
nde daughtern ale s th Adam ve
e handred anthtyars ane died

n th ave, anhandred anfie fr, anvee nos 5:7 no
th avee ennos ehandred arth, an
daughtern ale s  avein
handred ancels ane died

n nos veintyar, anvee inans 5: And Enos ve
fee set inanhandred anfifeen, anset on
andaughter1 n ale s nos vee handred 
fis ane died

1 n an aveseedtyars inset Mahalalels 5:3 no
inan aveofe Mahalalelhandred frtyar
andaughter11 n n inan ave
handred  tenars ane died

n Mahalalelsie fr, anvee Jareds 5:6n Mahalalelofe Jaredhandred thaydaughter1 n ale s Mahalalel avehandred ine frs ane died

n Jared avehandred n , ane reat
nochs 5:n Jared avee e reatnochhandred 
anreatdaughter Andn Jared ave
handred n s ane died

1 n noch aven e fr, anvee Methuselahs 5:2n nochred withGod e e reatMethuselahthred underdaughter3 n ale s noch
e thred under sixe frs 5:4 n nochred with
of: e was e frGod tookhi

n Methuselahhandred arth, anreat
Lmech

n Methuselahe e reatLmech senhandred hty
nd two, anvee daughtern ale s Methuselah avehandred n ins ane died

n hich avehandred anwo, anvee  a
ons 5:n e cale  i
meNoahs int sa shecomfr
usconcering ur worn toilofur aan, causeofe ould
whshLORDgathursed

30 And hich avee e reatNoahvehandred inn ve
an, anreatdaughter31 n ale s  Lmech
e seedhandred seedn seeds ane died

3n Noahvehandred ars ld, anNoahreatShem,Ham,n Japheth1 n me to an, me, bean to multiplyofe th
eaten daughtervee born untom,6:1 Tht e onGod s e daughtern thenfirn tooke  aves 
llwhshe chse

n LORDs iny spirs al be alays stwithan, fr
the also in flesh: t his ays s alhandred ancenty
an

1 Thve ave giants inarthinthsen alsoe th
whene ons God me to e daughternn e ar
children to e , e same bcale mihty me, whshvee ofold, me, of
reown

n God s t t e cednessofanwas grate arth, an
theniaginatinofe thouhts his t was onlyeilntinualy

n t repentd th LORDthhad mageanofe arth, an t
grived hi ahis 

6:n LORDs ins lldestoanwhm mae reat fromth
e of bth, anbeast, ane deepthin, ane fowls e ire frt repentthmet t mae magee 

out Noahould gracee esofe LORD

1 Thesare e generatinofNoah: Noaha just ann perfec
inhis generatin, anNoah wedwithod

 AndNoahreate an, Shem,Ham,n Japheth11 Tharth asowas rrupt ere God e arths fillwithvioence

n God looke uponarthanfoldt was rrupt fr
ll fes hadcorrupred his ayupe arth

n God ent Noahe end flesh in ofe ere ;
fiarth in fillwithvioencethrough e , anfold
filldestoe witharth

4 Make e an aofgope  wod; rooms s althouth
, an thaitch t within anwithout withitch

n e : e fashionwhshthous almae t of: e enth
ofe  shel bee undercubite readthoft  fth
cubite hehtoft thaycubit

16  window s althoud th, anin acubit thathou
finsht abve, ane ofe  shethouset e side
threof; withlowe, secon, anird stories thathou mae it

1 n fold, en I, doding afoldofeateupon
arth, o destoflesh, whin: e reatoffe, frt under
en, anvethin in arth shel di

out withe fill I establsh mycoenant anthous alom
: e e fr, oun an, anth wfen on' ave
withth

n ofe  idingthinflesh, whofe t s al
thdingind th, o deepe  awiththe;e s albe
al, anvee e

0 Of fwls e irinn ofcattle irin f
deepthinofe arthirin twoofe 
s alofe unto, t deepe  ave

1 n mae thouuntoofalgoodt t t eate, anou she
gathr t d the;n s ale frgoodfrth, anfre 

1 Thusdid Noah; according to cale God red , soid
he

1 n LORDGod NoahCome thouanalth housed th
ke fre mae I seed rihteous ere intht generatin

2 Ofencleabeastthous almae d the b seed, e al
anfeal, anofbeasts e ere nocleab wo, an
feal

3 Of fwls alsoofe ir by seed, e al, anfeal; to
deepseedabvee ofalarth

4 For t seed, an I wll causet t inuponarth
arthays inarthhtn vee liding substancet t I have
mage wll I destofrt ofe e of

n Noahid according to cale LORDred 

6 ndNoahwas sihandred ars ld we e foldofeate i
uponarth

1 n Noah we n n wifen ' ave
withhi: e e fr, causeofe eateofe fold

8 Of cleabeast, anofbeasts e ere nocleann fowl
ofvee thngt t uponarth, 7:1 Thve we  twon wo to Noahd th a, anfeal, s God ha
cored Noah

n t cale t ast e seede th
eateofthfold aveuponarth

1 n e x undertharNoahs wifee secon monthe enteenh ayofe monthe sameay ave al e fountain
ofe grat deeproenupn windows en ave open

n e rainwas uponarthfrtyays inarthhts

3 : e elfsameay entved NoahanShem,anHam,n Japhethe onNoah, anNoahs wifen e ves his onwithe : e e fr; 7:1 They avebeastirinn ale cattle irinn deepthinthay
uponarthirinn vee fowle s in
vee bird ofe  sor

7:n e set inuntoNoahd th a, whn woofal
flesh, whin: e reatwife

6 nde e s in, s in , an feale offlesh, as
of hadcored hi, anLORDsht hi i

1 n e foldwas arthays uponarthth
eate
ncreas, anare upe , ant was  ft up avearth

n th
eaterevail, anere inrease reatuponth
eate, ane fr we e ofth
eate

n th
eaterevaile exceedinlyuponarth in th
high hille ere undere whm en, ould

0 Fifeencubits upard idth
eaterevail, ane month
ould

1 n flesh diedthaymoved uponarthd thoffowl, an
ofcattln beast, anofe  deepthinthaydeepuponarth avean: 7:22 Allin whose nostils was th
reat f, ofale was e dry lan, died

n vee liding substancewas destowhshwas uponac
ofe ouldd th, ancattln deepthin, anth
fowlofe n ere destoartharth, anNoah
onlyremaine abve, aneythayere withhi ie fr

1 n th
eaterevaile uponarth aunderanfifth
ay

1 n God remembeedNoahanvee lidingth, and  in th
cattlthaywas withhi ie fr, anGod mage awind to ast vee arth, anth
eateasswage; 8:1 The fountains alsoofe deepn e ndows en ave stoppedn rainfrt en i
reatrained; 8:n th
eateere frt ofe arthntinualy, ane e ofe underanfiftyays th
eates ere aked

1 n e fr eatee seedthmonthofth aveteenh ayof
e monthuponmonths Arara

8:n th
eatederease continualy until e ofe month: th
ofe month, ofth firt ayofe month, ere e tops th
months seed

6 ndt cale t ast t e ofarthay, hat Noah openth
windowofe arwhshe ha mage: 8:1 n e out arthraen
whshset artht anfr, until e eateere drie up frome was 

8 Alsoe out arthdoe frt hi, o see ifth
eatewe
aked frome ofould; 8:9 out : e found no reat
fie oe ofe  fot, an she ere untohi id th, fre eateere ofthe of, whe arth: e e out arth i
hand, an to  her, an pulle e  to hi id th

1n e staye t ote  aven raine artharthth
doe out e fr; 8:1 n : e cale int him e enin;
nd, lo, ine  rothwas an olie leaf pluckt of: soNoah knew th
th
eateve aaked fromwas 

n e staye t ote  ave 

Lossifier::Similarity-Stats----------------------------------------------------

Total Length:      15787
Distance:          0.425664
Avg Word Length:   4.339381
Entropy:           6291
1-grams:
    number: 65.0
    min: 1
    max: 2523
    median: 31.0
    mean: 242.87692307692308
    stddev: 446.89625392830055
2-grams:
    number: 730.0
    min: 1
    max: 726
    median: 5.0
    mean: 21.624657534246577
    stddev: 53.924111517621704
3-grams:
    number: 2967.0
    min: 1
    max: 187
    median: 2.0
    mean: 5.320188742837884
    stddev: 11.50773571819073

Lossifier::Cluster-------------------------------------------------[176.71542s]

Rules:             458
Size:              5540

1:1 n e beininGod Hae mae ane ar

ine ars itht frm,n void;n darkness aupon
t ofe en.ine Spirt ofGod moend upont ofwate

3e said, htn e s ht

ine w ht, tht waodn God dividhtfrm darknes

5caledht Dayn darkness e caledNht
n e e frinwee e frt 

6e said,  amament ine midt ofwate
ndt t dividwatewate

7ine fealn dividwatehichs in
underfeal wates hichs inabenfeal:n t wa

8caledmamenHaen.e e e 
frinwee e secon

9e said, undere mae bemae e mae entoone plcen t e dry ln apart wa

0caleddry ln Earn e mae inmae  fwatecalede Sarine tht waod

ine id, Lt e frargras, e ding
seedn e rut dingrut fes inwhseseed i
in tel, e frt wa

n e frrurhtargras, n dingseedfes inn e dingrut , whseseeds in tel, fe
s inine tht waod3e e frinwee e thir

1e said, e behts ine mamene e 
todividthayfrm e htn e e e frsignd an
seasond anayn ar: 1:n e e e frhts in
e frmamene e  toinhte fr: n t wa

6ine  tcrathts;e grHatoule thay
nde estoule e hte e e e stars al

7ine t e ine mamene e toinht
e fr1:n toule e e ayn e e htd an
todivide htfrm darknes: God tht waod9n e e n frinwee e fr

0e said, binar aundanolye moilngcaledthhath in frwlthay flyabene frentoopen firmamenofmae 

1 n God Haedcratwhalesn enry lcalede 
moen, hiche wate brurhtar aundanoly, fe
s inn enrys inedfrwlfes in: God th ts no

n God es te m,saying, e rut fuln multiplyllwateine seasn t frwlmultiply in e fr

3n e e n frinwee e fi

e said, e frare lcaledfe
s in, cattln crepn e frfehi
int wa

2n God Haede frfehis inn cattl
fe
s inn enry thinge frfes in: God th ts no

6e said, usmae mae ur imae feur ienes:n e e mae dominon e e fish fe saan arfrwl
e e n arcattln ar alle frn ar
enrycrepe fr

7 toGod Haedmae his ow imae ine imageofGod Haed
e his mae n femae cratede e 

n God ese n God entoe , e rut fuld anmultiplye plenshe frubdue e n mae dominon
e e fish fe saan are e e n arenry
linthngmoene fr

9ine id, hold, mae inn urenrye arinseed
hich iupone t ofale frenrye ine hich
e rut a te dingseed; tourt s alfred

30n s ine frn s ine e s inthnge fr, whenine 
fe, mae inn enrygrene fredt wa

3ine w enrythnge sad an, beid, t waenryod.n e e n frinwee e sithay

1 Thuse mae n e frs in finshedn ale host f
e 

n one sathay God ended his workhichd an
e e saone sathay ofalhis workhich

3ine e sae thayn sanctifiedt because tha
 it e sae saofalhis workhichGod Haedn mage

1 Thesare e genaratine e n e frwhen
e e caledine  thae LORDGod Haedarn e 
mae , 2:n enryplant e e d befre e s e fr
ndenrye e e d befre e grew: frLORDGod no
caledt toraine frn e s no amae tolle 
urld

6 t e e e up amist frome arn wateed, wh
st furld

7 LORDfredmae e e dust furldd ancrate s ine e nostile cratn mae cameailngsoul

8 LORDplante agarden arars in enn e e 
t e mae whm e safred

n t e e urldmageLORDGod togrowenrye th i
plarant toe sihtn odfr fod; e rkoffealsoentoe e n e rkofnowledgeofodn  eil

n  arinrs e e t ofentowatee garden frm nc
t waarten cameentofr Had

e e e e e  in Piso: tht hichomassethe 
whm Hailah, whe e od; 2:ine odofe 
n t od: e bdellium ine onyx ston

3ine e e e seconrinr in Giho: e sae t t  tha
omassethe whm Ethopia

n e e e e thrinr in Hiddekel: tht hichgoth towar te e e e frAssyria.ine fre rinr in Euphrate

5ine LORDGod tookthayn t hi ie e garde
entodesst n en t

6 LORDomn e mae sayingOfenryt ofe 
gardethuraye e frely eat: 2:7 st ft ofe nowledge
ofodn  eil, s alnot oft frine  thathur
Hae e e ofs alube lydi

8 LORDid, Ie e nood thathayshurld b
alon; s ll mae hin e lpmet frhi

n t e e urldLORDGod fred barine lln enrye e n rurhte entodatose
what e woulcall te n whats indacaledenryilngcratur, ths thaye 

n damae e s toalcaledn e e e toenry barine ll bt frdae s nofrund an
e lpmet frhi

1 LORDcaled aenslentofalupondam,n e 
slepine tookt ofhis rid anded upe esinstare e 2:2ine ri, whshLORDGod hataenfrm mae mage
e  awoann rurhte entothay

3n daid, The e now bt ofmy bonn esofmy
es: e s alcaledWoman, becausee sataen t ofMan

1 Thbefrs alan lmae his mae n himae n s al
clmae entohis fen e s albeones

n e s ine akid, thayn hifen wee no
ashamed

1 Nowe sae e s fre ubtil thn an barine llhichLORDGod mage.n e saentoe woanYHahathGod id
s alenrye e e ? 3:ine woansaidentoe sa, e ayt ofe rut e rke e :
3:3 st frut e rkhicht ine e e 
God hathid, s alt , net e s ale touch t, es
e di

n e sasaidentowoan, s alube lydi? 3:5
Foe God de no thaine aye Hae e e ure ess al
beopene s als god, noinodn  eil

n whenwoansa thae rks nofr fodn e 
t walarant toe esn  ae tobedesie tomae no
wisee e tooke e rut e e n ded n mae alsoento
e  husbn withe ine ded n e esofe e wee opene ne tha te ywee opene sewed fig lHaens mae n mage te elen
apron

n e ar te voicLORDwalingine gardein
e omol e e ayn dan s fe hid te elens frm 
pesencLORDamongste rke e 

n LORDGod caledentodam,n saidentohim,We arthur? 3:1n e said, I ard thvoice ine garden seas
fraid, causeseas openI hid myel

1 n e said, Who tld te thurwat aked? Hathur eatene rks inofn hithurshurlde e fred?
3:1ine ansaid, e woanwhm thurint tobewithme, sh
inmee rkn ded 3 LORDsaidentowoan, hae e his thurar
onn woansaid, e serpepbeuledme, n ded n LORDGod saidentoe saep, causethuraron
th, thurt ded abenalcaledn aben barine ll; uponth bllythurgon thurHaale 
ays th i? 3:1n s ll t enmity ben te n e 
woann beenthseedn e seed; t s al bruiseth har
nds albruisehis e el

6 Ue e woane said, s ll cratmultiplythursorrown thomncepin; insorrowthurs ale frchildenn e 
desie s altoth husbann e s aln ar te 

1 n entodae said, Becausethur he e abenedine voic
ths fen arHae rk, ofhichn hie
sayingurs alfredoft ded e e urldfrthsake;
n sorrowthurt oft thays th ie;3:18 Thon
alsothstess alt e frmae s alHa te 
e b e e ; 3:19 e e weatofth fcethurHa be ad
llthure frn ine urlde frt oft wathurtaene fr
rut thurtn entothure fr

n dacaleds feuse  Een bcausee sae mae 
ofallilng

1 Utodaalsoe e feidLORDGod mae omat f
ind ane  te m

ine LORDGod id, holdthay in beome s t ofus, to
n odn  eiln ow, ese frhis handn mae alsoe rkoffen Han infren? 3:3 befre 
LORDGod e e hiare e garde Een, to talurldfrm whene e s taen

4 toe drent thayine plced  te e e e fre garde
ofen Ce ubimn  aflaming sword hichurned enryay, to en
e aye rkoffe

1 n dam,n Ee s feine omncinn e ind anid, mae gotten  aanfrm e LORD

2n e raine mae be Andbes  aenar f
e ep, t ins  allar f te urld

n inprocesoftimet cametoass thinrurhte 
rut urldn dingine LORD

n me, e alsorurhte e lin fhis flcn of
e  f te t ofLORDhae sat entoben 
ding: 4:5 t entoinn  fdinge sanoe sa
s ins ens rothn his omunenane fell

n LORDGod ythurwrothn why in e 
omunenane falen? 3:7 Ifthurdoe e well, thurnobe
ccepedn ifthurdoe e nowell, sin th ae fr Andento
e e s alhis desie n s aln arLORD

n in talded mae n cametoass 
e enine ll, thin roseup againt mae 
ndslewLORD

n LORDGod en in bemae n e 
id, I n no: Am I my brotharusenar? 3:1 n e said, Wha
arthurdone? e voict ofth broe usblod crthentome from
e urld

1 n owthurded wate, whine hathopenede 
t toecinmae usblod frm hand; 4:1 Wenthur
lle e urld, s alencearyield ine e 
stenth;  afugt inn  avgabond thurbee fr

n insaidine LORDy punshmet t cratarthan acan
ar

4 holdthurardrinn met his aye e st fn frm  fces al abehi; n I s al afugt inn  avgabond e frn s alome toass thenryno
th firdee s alslayme

n LORDGod hi, befrwhs inslaythin
engeances altaenonhi ienfredLORDt  amarkuponin, esan firdinghi iurld kalhi

n ins ept e e pesenct ofe LORDn dwelt e 
n Nod, ine arofen

n inn s feine omncinn e nochn e 
bulded  act yn caledt ofct y, fe e of i
on, noch

n entonochs bon Iradn Irad eatMehujael: 
Mehuja eatMehujael:  Mehuja eatLmech

n Lmechtookentohi ts in: t ofons da
ndt ofoe  Zllah

 Anddae e Jabale e s e mae ofubch as dwell inen
ndubch as mae cattl

1 n mae use s Jubale e s e mae ofalubch
s hande e harpn frgan

n Zllahe e also be Tubalcaind aninstructes in
tificee inbrassn ironn e star f Tubalcains Naamah

n Lmechsaidentohis in, dan Zllah, Hae myvoice;
e in fLmech, abenentomy speeche fr amae slinan t
mys urldd an aurngantomy hur
4:4 Ifins al aenged seedfred, rulyLmech sentyn seedfred

n dam,n s fe againine e  aon, n caledhis e tht Foe id, said te hathapoinded me anoe seedinstar
ofme, whm inslew

n toth, tohialso te e s bon  aonine caledhis e no: e beanme, tocall te e e e LORD

1 The e e bookine genaratinofda. n thaythod
caledanine lenesGod magee his 5:2 Maln ar
calede e n e sae d ancall te ire da, e 
aywhene sacaled

n daann n arn ar aonin i
own enesd anfehis iagen caledhis e tht 5: And
e ay fdafee sabeotten hichs inann : 
nde daughtarn thaythdam inwee ann n ar: n e died

n thann n arn arno: 5:7 no
ths infe eatn eann n seedann 
daughtarn thayhichs inin
n n l: n e died

n n ininarn arin: 5:1 n  Enos in
fee  eatinann n enann  eaton
n daughtar1 n thayn wee ann 
fi: n e died

1 s inaninseedarn  eatMahalalel: 5:3 no
ininfee  eatMahalalelann frar
nddaughtar1 Andthayins in
ann  tenar: n e died

n Mahalalelsin arn arJared: 5:6n Mahalalelfee  eatJaredann thdaughtar1 n thayMahalalels inann inn ar: n e died

n Jaredann n ann e  eat
noch: 5:n Jaredfee  eatnochann 
nd eatdaughtar AndthayJareds in
n n : n e died

1 n nochinn arn arMethuselah: 5:2n nochded God fee  eatMethuselahthn daughtar3 n thaynochwee thn  sixn ar: 5:4 n nochded with
ofine s noe frGod tookhi

n Methuselahann n seedann  eat
Lmech

n Methuselahfee  eatLmech senn hty
nd tn ardaughtarn thayMethuselahs inn n in: n e died

n Lmech senann n  tn ar a
on: 5:n e caledhis e Noahsayingt sas alommfr
usomncaring urs frn toilofurhand, causeurld
hichLORDhathursed

30 And Lmech senfee  eatNoahinn inn in
d an eatdaughtar31 n thay Lmechwee seedn seedn seed: n e died

3n Noahinn ars ldn da eatSe m,Ham,n 

1 n cametoass me, beantomultiplyine st fn daughtarwee born ine m,6:1 Tht e onGod s e daughtarn the safirine tooke s in f
llhiche chse

n LORDGod y spirs alalays stded mae fr thae also in es: t his ays alann n noy


1 Thens in gianos ine frentosedam,n alsofeth
whene on fGod cameentoe daughtarnn e ar
childrentoe , e same bcamemihty mae hichwee ofold, mae of
e own

n God s the cednessofans cratine ann  thaenryiaginatinine thurht fhis t s onlyeilnoinualy

n t e peno te  LORDthe samageanine ann  t
griend hi ahis 
6:n LORDGod s lldestoanwhm mae caledfrm e 
e fr be mae ann e crepd ane frwl fe ire frt e penothmethmae mage te 

8 t Noahurld graceine esine LORD

1 Thesare e genaratinofNoah: Noah ajust ann perfec
inhis genaratind anNoahalede od

1 n Noah eate on, Se m,Ham,n 

1e e aralsos rrupt befrid, ine ars llwithiloence

1 n God lookede frane said, t s rruptofr
lles hadomrrupded his ay te ar

n God saidentoNoahe end ales in ome befr;frm e fr in lle iloencethrouge e d ane said, 
lldestoe e e fr

4 Make e an aofgope s od; rooms thure 
d ans alt ch te e hin n witht witht ch

n his e e fashionhichs almae t of: e enth
ofe s all bee n cubt e e ade oft fi
cubt ine e htoft thcubt 

16 s indow thurmae d anin acubt thur
finsht abenn e frine s althurt ine sidee e withlowe, seconn ird stfriesthur mae t 

1 n e said, , en I, doding aflodofwate te 
ar, todestoaless inine e crat, frm under
mae n enrythngthe frs all di

8 t withe ll I establsh myomenanton s alom
ine , urine on, n ths feine on's in
withe 

n enry iilngthngales ts int s althurdinginmae , toen te  aded e e;e s albe
aln are

0 Offrwls fes inn ofcattlfes in f
crepine arfe
s in ts in
s alome ine , toen te  ain

1 n mae thurine ofalodtht Han urs al
mae e t mae s ale frodfr te , n fre 

1 ThusidNoah; acomrdingtoalthGod n hi, soid
e 

1 n LORDGod NoahCome thurn alth hurseine 
ke fre mae I seed rihteurs befrentot genaratin

2 OfenryclHathurthmae mae e b seed, e al
n fealn ofars the noclHab  te e 
feal

3 Offrwls alsoine ir by seed, e ald anfeal; to
enseedatint ofale fr

4 Foe t seedd an Is ll causet toine fr
arayn arhtn enryliilng substancethI haen
mages ll I destost fe fr

n Noahid accfrdingentoalthLORDn hi

 AndNoahs sin ars ldwhene flodofwate i
e fr

1 n Noahe e n hin hifen hi's in
withhiine , becauseine wateine flod

8 Of clHad anofars the noclHand anfrwl
ndenrythngthe fr, 7:1 Thene e  tn  tentoine e e feal, s God ha
ofn Noah

n t cametoass feseedthwatee 
flods ine fr

1 n e x n e arGod usfeine secon moen
e enthayene moene thays inale fruntain
e e crat enroenupine inow fmae s in open

n e rains e frfrtyayn arhts

3 e e elfthay enoend Noahn Se m,n Ham,n Jape th
e onGod d anNoahusfeine e in fhis onwithe ine ; 7:1 Theyn ararfe
s inn ale cattlfes inn crep tha
e frfe
s inn enryfrwlfes in
enrybird enry sfr
7:n e e e inentoine  tn  tofal
ess inine e cratfe

 Ande the e , e e  el:  fealt ofales, as
of hadomn hin LORDsht hi i

1 n e flods araye frwate
nce asn are upe d ant s  it upabene fr

n waten wee ine sacratuponwaten e rks ept ofwate

n wateedexceedinlye frentohige hillthwee undere whm mae , wee omened

0 Fiencubt s upard idwatepevailn e fruntain
wee omened

1 n ales diedthmoend upone fre offrwld an
ofcattld anann s in crepthcrepupone frn aran: 7:22 Allins nose nostils s e 
crat i, ofalths ine dry lan, died

n enryliilng substances destohichs e frac
urlde mae cattline crepd ane 
frwle e ine wee destowaten da
onlye mainedatinn eythwee withhi ie sa

 Andwatepevailede frarn n n f
ay

1 n God e membee Noahn enryliilngthd and entocattlths withhi ie san God mage aintoass ene ann wateasswage; 8:1 The fruntains alsoine enn e ndow fmae s in stoppedine rainfrm mae  i
e sarained; 8:n watee sast farnoinualyn fee saine n n ftyays wates wee aked

 Ande sa e saine seede me,  te enthayof
e me, e frfruntain fArara
8:n watedee saomnoinualy ine ene moen: e 
ene moen,  te  firt ayene moen, wee e top fe 
fruntains seed

 Andt cametoass t e saofaray, hat Noah opene 
inowine rkhiche ha mage: 8:1 n e frraen
hiche e arton fr, ine watewee driedupfrm e 

8 Alsoe frFoe frm hi, tosee ifwatewe
akedst fst furld; 8:9 t e e frund no e safrm e oe ofe  fnod an te  e saentoine , fre watewee  te t of, whe ar: e e fr i
handd antook hard an pullede entoine 

1n e stayedt noe endam,n raine e fre 
Foe t ofe rk; 8:1 n e e cameine e m ine enin;
nd, lo, ine  t s an olie lHaf pluckt of: soNoahn e 
wateen aakedst f

1 n e stayedt noe en 

Lossifier::Cluster-Stats-------------------------------------------------------

Total Length:      14422
Distance:          0.501758
Avg Word Length:   4.017279
Entropy:           5933
1-grams:
    number: 65.0
    min: 1
    max: 2517
    median: 32.0
    mean: 221.87692307692308
    stddev: 429.56878226685075
2-grams:
    number: 725.0
    min: 1
    max: 938
    median: 5.0
    mean: 19.89103448275862
    stddev: 55.92880192831591
3-grams:
    number: 2789.0
    min: 1
    max: 326
    median: 2.0
    mean: 5.170311939763356
    stddev: 12.735808781698784

